College and Career Center
College Planning
College Planning Workshops
Finding the Right College
Applying to Colleges
Sierra College
Scholarships & Financial Aid
SAT/ACT
Career Exploration
Work Permits
Schedule Meetings
College Admissions Professionals
Military and ASVAB Information
FAFSA/CADAA
FAFSA/CADAA WORKSHOP (Presented by Sierra College and RHS):
Date:  January 17, 2024
Time:  6:00-8:00 pm
Location:  Rocklin High School Library
Flyer:
FAFSA/CADAA workshop
Registration:
Click here to register
The 2024-2025 FAFSA and California Dream Act Application (CADAA) become available in
December 2023
and must be completed by
April 2, 2024
(in order to be eligible for a Cal Grant).  Be sure to check the financial aid page of each college where you are applying to see if they have any earlier financial aid deadlines of their own. The website to complete your FAFSA is
www.fafsa.gov
. The "FA" is FAFSA stands for "Free Application" so if you are asked to pay a fee to submit your FAFSA, you are not on the official government site. The website to complete your California Dream Act Application is
www.dream.csac.ca.gov
.
The CADAA application is for immigrant students who do not qualify for federal student aid. If you are unsure which application is for you, check out
this document
.
To complete your FAFSA, you will need the following
:
Create your StudentAid.gov Account/FSA ID
Your Social Security Number
Your Alien Registration Number (if you are not a U.S. citizen)
Your
2022
federal income tax returns, W-2s, and other records of money earned. (
Note:
You may be able to transfer your federal tax return information into your FAFSA using the IRS Data Retrieval Tool.)
Bank statements and records of investments (if applicable)
Records of untaxed income (if applicable)
Helpful Resources:
Frequently Asked Questions about the Changes to the 2024/2025 FAFSA and CADAA
FAFSA/CADAA
Resource Page
Create your StudentAid.gov Account/FSA ID
.  The student and all contributors need a StudentAid.gov Account/FSA ID (go to
studentaid.gov
and click “Create Account” in the upper right-hand corner).
Determine dependency status and who is a contributor
Each contributor will need this information to complete the application
**Please note
: If you have a sibling who attended college before you, your parent or guardian may already have a StudentAid.gov Account/FSA ID.
You can visit the
“FAFSA Help”
page, where you can view trending FAFSA topics, browse FAQs, search for more information, or select “Contact Us.”
What does completing the FAFSA/CADAA do for me?
In addition to qualifying you for federal
and/or state
financial aid, many schools also use your FAFSA/CADAA information to qualify you for their institutional aid. The FAFSA can also provide a safety net of available loans or the ability to reconsider aid packages if a family's financial situation changes during the school year. It is recommended that ALL college bound students complete a FAFSA. Completing the application does not commit you to accepting any type of aid. Explore the links below to learn more.
Federal Student Aid
California Student Aid Commission
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter