College and Career Center
College Planning
SAT/ACT
Career Exploration
Work Permits
Schedule Meetings
College Admissions Professionals
Military and ASVAB Information
Work Permits
Work Permit Procedures:
Work Permit Procedures:
All students under the age of 18 must have a Work Permit to work (including vacations and summer break).  Also, all existing Work Permits must be renewed at the start of each school year.
In order to be eligible for a work permit, attendance will be checked (90% attendance), students must have a minimum 2.0 g.p.a. and no more than one NM/NC on their most current grade report. Work Permit Applications are available on the link below or in the College and Career Center.
1. After securing a job pick up a green Work Permit Application in the College & Career Center or download and complete the
work permit application
. You need to complete all fields including the student information with social security number, parent signature, and employer information and signature. Per state law,
all signatures must be original, ink signatures
.
2.
Work Permit Applications with original ink signatures should be submitted to the College and Career Center. Work permit processing takes two school days, after which the student should return to pick up the completed work permit.  The College and Career Center walk-in hours are during Break, and Lunch
. Please keep in mind that the student must be the one to pick up the work permit as an original ink signature must be obtained from the student at that time.
3. Provide the signed work permit to your employer.
*Work Permits are issued for up to one year and expire every August regardless of when the initital Work Permit is issued.
*Work Permits can be revoked if attendance or grade requirements are not met
*Work Permits cannot be issued if a student is to be classified as an "independent contractor" and paid.  A Work Permit is only issued to minors who have an employer and they are accepting the responsibilites of the minor as their employer.
If you have work permit questions, please email Rachel Lund at
rlund@rocklinusd.org
***SUMMER 2024 Work Permit Processing***
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter