Baseball
2024 Fall Ball
2024 Varsity Schedule
2024 JV Schedule
2024 Frosh Soph Schedule
Varsity Roster
JV Roster
Frosh Roster
Coaching Staff
Alumni to Play College or Professional
MaxPreps
Loyal Sponsors
Athletics Home
Coaching Staff
Matt Jones- Varsity Head Coach
Matt Jones- Varsity Head Coach
Rocklin High School welcomes Matt Jones to the RHS Family.  Matt comes to Rocklin after stints at UCLA, UC Irvine and Sierra College.
Welcome.
Daniel Clemmer- Freshmen Head Coach
Daniel Clemmer- Freshmen Head Coach
Coach Daniel Clemmer is a native to Rocklin and graduated from Rocklin High School in 2002.  At Rocklin he played baseball all four years as a second baseman and left fielder. It was during this time that Daniel fostered his passion for baseball and coaching. After graduating from UC Santa Barbara he returned to Rocklin and began coaching as an assistant coach for the freshman team in 2010. In 2017 he was promoted to his current position as Freshman Head Coach.  Daniel truly has a passion for working with young players, teaching them the game of baseball while translating it to life lessons.  Coach Clemmer excitedly awaits the 2022 season and is thankful to be able to coach alongside his father Coach Scott Clemmer.
Contact Information:
Cell Number- (916)847-4904
Email- danielsclemmer@gmail.com
Scott Clemmer- Freshmen Assistant Coach
Scott Clemmer- Freshmen Assistant Coach
Coach Clemmer began coaching at Rocklin High School in the spring of 2006. He came to Rocklin with a background of coaching youth baseball for more than 15 years and serving on the Board of Directors for both Rocklin Little League and Rocklin PONY Baseball. He moved to Rocklin in 1995, with his wife; Paula, and his three sons; Daniel, Chris, and Cory. Paula owns and operates a local Preschool in Rocklin where she enjoys teaching and interacting with the children and families of Rocklin and the surrounding communities. All three of his sons have played within the baseball program at Rocklin High. Daniel, his oldest son, is the current Head Coach of the freshman team. Coach Clemmer is looking forward to his 17
th
year in the RHS Baseball program.
Alan Palmer- Freshmen Assistant Coach
Alan Palmer- Freshmen Assistant Coach
Coach Palmer has coached 4 seasons at Rocklin High School. He graduated from Chaffey High School in 1976 where he played three years of baseball missing his senior season due to elbow and wrist surgery. He has coached a variety of youth baseball of various age groups ranging from 10-12 thru 15-16 year old with a  coaching highlight being the Junior Western Little League Regionals in Vancouver, Washington. Coach Palmer and his wife Mary have been Rocklin residents since 1995 having one son Jason who played four years at Rocklin High as a pitcher from 2012 thru 2015. Their son Jason graduated from San Diego in 2019. Mary Palmer has also sponsored a yearly Rocklin Varsity baseball scholarship started in memory of her mother starting in 2015 thru present. Coach Palmer has previously worked for the WAC, BWC and Pac-12 baseball conferences as a paid observer. He is looking forward to the 2022 season and working with the new incoming freshman to the Rocklin Baseball program while continuing to improve and expand on his coaching knowledge.
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter