Syllabus
Course Description
Honors English is a challenging course that expands on all four realms of Language Arts (reading, writing, speaking, and listening). Students will not only be exposed to assigned fictional literature but also much of the class will focus on non-fictional text such as speeches, essays, editorials, and even visual art like advertisements and political cartoons. The class will expose students to rhetorical strategies, close reading techniques, argumentations, and synthesizing outside sources. These skills will help students expand their understanding of analysis and help them develop as a write. Students will be expected to demonstrate understanding of the material through participation in Socratic seminars, take-home essays, timed in-class essays, debates, classroom discussion, and formal exams. Extensive writing will be developed through a variety of techniques and styles, and students will be engaged in activities that advance speaking, listening, and presentation skills.
Course Outcomes/Essential Learning
Throughout the class, students will need to demonstrate their learning as they progress through California’s established standards. There are many assignments to help students demonstrate this learning, especially the four essentials skills assignments (ESA) noted later in this syllabus. The following learning will be assessed:
1. Students will demonstrate knowledge of vocabulary words.
2. Students will read a variety of texts and:
a. analyze author’s purpose and meaning;
b. understand and apply literary elements;
c. utilize text in analytical writing.
3. Students will respond to themes in historically or culturally significant works.
4. Students will write persuasive texts that:
a. address target audiences,
b. present well-developed arguments, and
c. contain logical organization.
5. Students will demonstrate competency in editing skills (sentence correctness, spelling, punctuation, and usage) and MLA format.
6. Students will competently deliver presentations through successful use of:
a. rhetorical devices;
b. delivery skills.
Units
The following units are the major components of the year:
1.
The Grapes of Wrath
unit/Dust Bowl Era poetry (Multiple Choice (M/C) exam and AP style timed essay)
2. An Introduction to Rhetoric: Using the "Available Means" (selected readings with M/C quizzes and writing activities)
3. Influential American essay and presentation (
Essential skills assessment (ESA) #1
)
4. Literary Analysis/ Short story unit (
ESA #2
)
5. Close Reading: The Art and Craft of Analysis (selected readings with M/C quizzes and writing activities)
6. Bill of Rights Research and Debate
7. Analyzing Arguments: From Reading to Writing (selected readings with M/C quizzes and writing activities)
8. Activism outline and speech (
ESA #3
)
9. Synthesizing Sources: Entertaining the Conversation (selected readings with M/C quizzes and writing activities)
10. Compare/Contrast essay (
ESA #4
)
11. Hamlet unit
12. Socratic seminar / A.P. practice unit (timed writes)
13. Vocabulary and Key Terms Quizzes (throughout year)
14. Outside Reading Unit (starting first quarter and involves AR program: primarily classic fiction geared for AP Lit.)
Grading Policy
The school board has instituted a grading policy which requires that the successful passing of any Language Arts course at Rocklin High School, the student must accomplish two tasks. The first task is to maintain a
minimum average of 70%
during the semester. The second task is to
show proficiency in all skills tested within the ESA assessments
. Failure to accomplish either of these tasks will result in a no credit (NC) for the class at the semester. While the first task is easy to understand, the second task is more complex.
The school board has instituted a grading policy which requires that the successful passing of any Language Arts course at Rocklin High School, the student must accomplish two tasks. The first task is to maintain a  during the semester. The second task is to . Failure to accomplish either of these tasks will result in a no credit (NC) for the class at the semester. While the first task is easy to understand, the second task is more complex.
The skills, in which the student must show proficiency, will be assessed through a variety of larger assignments (aka Essential Skills Assessment- ESA). The ESA will clearly define a set of skills necessary for a passing grade. If the skill(s) are not achieved, the student will have an assigned time to correct his/her assignment to show proficiency. If the attempt is made and proficiency is still not achieved, then the student will have more time assigned to show proficiency in the skill(s). This process will continue until the student achieves mastery or the semester comes to a close. If the student fails to master the skill(s) required by the end of the semester or doesn’t attempt the skill(s) during the window of time given, then the lack of mastered skill(s) will result in a NC for the semester. Any ESA assignments turned in late can receive no higher than a C-. In-class work or smaller assignments must be turned in on time or the student will receive half credit for that particular assignment if turned in within a reasonable amount of time from the original assigned due date. Students that miss assignments due to an excused absence will receive no late penalty. If a student misses an assignment, for what ever reason, the student should take it upon themselves to communicate with me in person so that we can come up with a reasonable solution to the missing points.
My goal is to hold the student accountable for the work assigned and to be sympathetic to the student’s particular situation. It is important for students to understand that without personal communication on their own behalf, I assume the student missed the assignment because of a bad decision. And—might I add—making mistakes is okay as long as we learn from those mistakes! Some of the greatest lessons in life are derived from making errors. They are life lessons. But do not worry, these types of mistakes only become significantly problematic when the mistakes reoccur.
ESAs need to be turned in on time (by 3 pm on the day due) to receive full credit. If, for some reason, the student is absent on the day of an ESA due date, then he/she must find a way to turn in the assignment (email, turnitin.com, etc.). Ultimately, the responsibility of turning in the assignment on time rests on the student. Here is a breakdown of the grading scale. 70% of the grade is based on ESA results, 10% on AR and the other 20% on everything else assigned (vocabulary, quizzes, timed writes etc.)
Grading Scale:
100-97.5 A+ 89.4-87.5 B+ 79.4-77.5 C+
97.4-92.5 A 87.4-82.5 B 77.4-72.5 C
92.4-89.5 A- 82.4-79.5 B- 72.4-69.5 C-
Materials
1.
Notebooks
: Students should keep a section of a binder specifically for LA/Comm III/Honors. It should be divided in a logical fashion (i.e.; notes, vocabulary, assignments/handouts, completed work)
2. Bring a binder, paper, pens (black or blue ink), and other required materials every day.
3. Suggested texts to purchase:
a.
Their Eyes Were Watching God,
by Zora Neale Hurston
b.
The Catcher in the Rye,
by J. D. Salinger
c.
The Great Gatsby,
by F. Scott Fitzgerald
d. MLA
Handbook for Writers of Research Papers: Sixth Edition
e. A college-level dictionary
f. A college-level thesaurus
4. Core literature for this year:
a. The
Language of Literature Anthology: American Literature
b.
Walden
and "Civil Disobedience" by Henry David Thoreau
c. "Self Reliance" by Ralph Waldo Emerson
d.
Their Eyes…
Hurston
e
.
The Grapes of Wrath
by John Steinbeck (summer reading)
f.
Hamlet
by William Shakespeare
g.
Autobiography/biography on an influential American (summer reading)
5. It is highly recommended that a USB storage device is used for power points, typed essays, videos, etc.
1. : Students should keep a section of a binder specifically for LA/Comm III/Honors. It should be divided in a logical fashion (i.e.; notes, vocabulary, assignments/handouts, completed work) 2. Bring a binder, paper, pens (black or blue ink), and other required materials every day.
Attendance
It is the student’s responsibility to attend class regularly. All RHS procedures for attendance and
tardies will be enforced. Students have the responsibility to ask a fellow student or me for work missed
and/or to check my web page for assigned homework. I am also available before and after class/school.
KEEP THE SYLLABUS INFORMATION IN YOUR BINDER
Subject
Welcome to Language Arts 3
Welcome to Language Arts 3 Honors
Welcome to Language Arts 3 Honors
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter