PRE-CALCULUS/TRIGONOMETRY
Text:
Pre-Calculus with Limits,
a Graphing Approach (3rd ed.)
by Larson, Hostetler, Edwards
OVERVIEW
In pre-calculus/trigonometry, students will use geometry, algebra and new skills to achieve a deep understanding of the topics necessary for success in calculus. These topics include: trigonometry (unit circle and triangle definitions, trigonometric values of important angles, identities, and numerous applications), trigonometric form of complex numbers, De Moivre’s theorem, parametric and polar equations and graphs, and exploration and interpretation of functions. These functions include: algebraic, trigonometric, logarithmic, exponential, rational and polynomial functions. Students will also be introduced to the concepts of mathematical induction and limits. Students will be expected to do more work in this class than in any previous mathematics class. Important keys for success are:
* Work all period on MATHEMATICS.  Stopping early is not acceptable behavior.
* Listen and participate in class discussions.
* Show all your steps neatly; don’t take shortcuts to get done.
* Do your homework everyday.
CALCULATORS
The teacher will have a few calculators for students to use during class. Since classes are going to be large, it is recommended that students have their own graphing calculators. The Rocklin High School mathematics department recommends the TI-83 or TI-84, although other calculators are acceptable.
GRADING
Points will be weighted in the following four categories:
•
Tests/Concepts
65%
•
Assignments
20%
•
Quizzes
15%
Grades will be earned as follows:
100
-
90%
A
89
-
80%
B
Grades are not rounded up!
79
-
70%
C
69
-
0%
NC
If at the end of the semester a student has earned an overall grade of 60-69% and has an overall assignment score at or above 70%, then the student would earn Math Tutorial credit for that semester.
COMMUNICATION:
Daily assignments, handouts, and grades can be found on the Rocklin High School homepage at
http://rhs.rocklinusd.org
COMMENTS
We cannot stress enough how important homework is to passing this class.  Students who do not complete assignments almost assuredly will struggle in the course. In addition, should you need help, please do not wait to ask.  We are available before school each day and other times by appointment. Please make sure your teacher knows you are coming so they can make room in their schedule.  We also recommend that students work in groups outside of class. Previous students have found this to be very effective.
Subject
Syllabus
Syllabus
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter