Counseling
Class of 2025
Class of 2026
Class of 2027
Class of 2028
Academic Planning Guide
About
Academic Resources
A - G Approved Courses
Parent Resources
No Mark (NM) Info
Graduation Requirements
Advanced Placement Information
College and Career Center
Community Service Contract
Community Service Opportunities
Peer Counseling
Valedictorian Selection
Wellness
Registrar (transcripts)
Work Permits
Registrar
Registrar (transcripts)
Lisa Hayes, Registrar
Lisa Hayes, Registrar
TRANSCRIPT REQUESTS
Contact Information for Mrs. Hayes:
Phone:  (916) 632-1600 ext. 6104
If you don't find the information you're looking for
email
Mrs. Hayes
.
Transcript Request for Current Students
Seniors
who need an official transcript for a
college
…please enter your college information into Scoir.
Once you have entered your college information into Scoir, please click on the link below and complete the form to request your transcript for your college(s).
All
current students in need of an official transcript for reasons other than college admissions, please click on the link below and complete the form.
TRANSCRIPT REQUEST LINK
Transcript Requests for Graduates or Former RHS Students
All former
students in need of an official transcript, please click on the link below and complete the form.
TRANSCRIPT REQUEST LINK
Do not request a transcript unless the college has requested one
CSU or UC Schools
:
Students do not need to request a transcript UNLESS it is an application requirement for a special program. CSU and UC do NOT accept transcripts as part of the initial application process.
Common Applications/Send EDU
:
Students do not need to request a transcript. Enter your counselor's email on the application and your counselor will upload the transcript when they complete your common application.
Out of State & Private Schools
:
Non CSU, UC or schools not using Common App, such as private colleges and universities and schools out of state may require a copy of your transcript.  Please consult their website to determine if a transcript is necessary.
Scholarships/Jobs/Auto Insurance
:
Transcript requests are made using the form above. Determine whether you will need an Official or Unofficial transcript. If unofficial, it will be emailed to you. Allow 5 school days to process these requests.
FOR ALL TRANSCRIPT REQUESTS, PLEASE ALLOW UP TO 5 DAYS TURN-AROUND TIME.  ONE WEEK ADVANCE NOTICE IS RECOMMENDED.
Cal Grant GPA Opt-Out Form
for current RHS seniors i
s
here
.
Previous RHS Graduates can Access the
Cal Grant GPA
Information Release Form
here
.
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter