BOYS TENNIS
2024 Schedule
2024 Summer Program
MaxPreps
Past Results
Varsity Roster
JV Roster
Coaching Staff
Summer Program
NorCal Team Tournament
Photo Gallery
2024 Summer Camp
Tennis Links
GirlsTennis
Athletics Home
Coaching Staff
Head Coach - Dale Eckenburg
After 20 years of guiding the RHS Tennis program; I still can't believe I get the chance to work with a wonderful group of young people. We have worked hard to develop a program that incorporates academics, tennis, fun and a sense of family.
Our student athletes have developed a team that strives to include every athlete in numerous activities that support the whole tennis player.  As a player at Nevada Union High School I learned from Mr. Houlihan the value of the team and the importance of creating opportunities for the players who play the USTA circuit to the recreational player who wants local opportunities to learn their craft.
deckenburg@rocklinusd.org
916-549-9771
Assistant Coach - Cheryl Winter
I joined the coaching staff for the boy's team in 2016 when my son was a freshman.  I knew from that moment on this was a program that was going to be something special.  I joined the girls team the following year and have enjoyed being a part of both the girls and boys coaching staff ever since.  I love teaching the kids the game of tennis while instilling the values of hard work and being a team player.  In my free time, I love spending time with my family and enjoying the outdoors.  You can also find me on the courts playing in adult leagues, tournaments and as a USTA Roving Official.  I'm excited to be part of such an outstanding tennis program and working with such great kids.
CRW1@Winter Associates.net
(916) 580-4396
Assistant Coach - Kelly Follett
After raising four kids, who are now out of the house, I knew I wanted to get back into helping young students learn and grow their tennis skills.  I knew the impact my tennis coaches had on me as a teen and I am excited to be doing the same.  This is my 5th year coaching high school tennis at Rocklin High School.  I play tennis 3-5 days a week socially and on different competitive USTA teams.  When I'm not on the court, you'll find me visiting my kids, volunteering locally and hiking or skiing in the mountains!  I am ready to help the students find and develop their tennis skills.
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter