STATISTICS
2013-2014
Prep: Period 8
for extra help
email: emitchell@rocklin.k12.ca.us
STATISTICS:
this full year course is designed to introduce the students to statistics and prepare them to pass a required statistics class at the college level. The topics for Statistics are divided into four major themes: exploratory analysis, planning a study, probability, and statistical inference.  We will be using Stats: Modeling the World (Bock, Velleman, DeVeaux) for our text as well as many other resources.  The
essential skills
that will be covered in this course are:
Data Displays
Probability
Measures of Center and Spread
Random Variables
Standard Normal Calculations
Binomial and Geometric Distributions
Least-Squares Regression
Sampling Distributions
Contingency Tables
Confidence Intervals
Designing Experiments
Significance Tests (z, t)
SUPPLIES:
1.
Graphing Calculator: You will need the TI 83 Graphing calculator (or the TI 83 Plus or TI 84) for this class.  Please acquire by September 16.
2.
Loose-leaf notebook and graph paper: Loose-leaf is required for collected assignments. Assignments can be typed.
3.
Blue or black pens, pencils, a ruler. No assignments, tests, or quizzes will be accepted if written in any other color ink then blue or black. (Pencil is best.)
GRADING SYSTEM:
o
Essential Skills (35%)
o
Tests (35%)
o
Projects and Quizzes(15%)
o
Assignments(15%)
All students will receive a grade or an NC (no credit) at the end of each semester.  In addition to earning a minimum percentage of overall work (70%), students need to show mastery on all essential concepts (State Standards). Failure to show mastery on all concepts will result in a final grade of NC. Students will have multiple opportunities to achieve mastery throughout each semester.
EXTRA HELP:
Extra help is available before school any day after 7:10, after school until 3:00 pm, and other times by appointment.  Additional time may be scheduled during the year as determined by need.
WEBSITES:
Students and parents can check the course calendar, assignments and handouts using the teacher links from the RHS website or the following:
www.edline.net or schoology.rocklinusd.org.
Parent/ Teacher Communication can be made through email or telephone conversation.  Email is the preferred method and response time is quicker than through a voicemail message.  Parents will be informed of serious discipline or academic problems.
Subject
Syllabus
Parent Information for Back to School Night
Parent Information for Back to School Night
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter