BOYS TENNIS
2024 Schedule
2024 Summer Program
MaxPreps
Past Results
Varsity Roster
JV Roster
Coaching Staff
Summer Program
NorCal Team Tournament
Photo Gallery
2024 Summer Camp
Tennis Links
GirlsTennis
Athletics Home
2024 Summer Program
Welcome Letter
Welcome to the 2024-2025 Tennis Team.
We invite you to come out for the team as we encourage all athletes to participate at Rocklin High School.  We are coming off a great run with the Boys and Girls Teams winning section titles over the last 4 seasons.
With 80 members in our program, minus our amazing departing seniors, our 2024/2025 teams look to welcome our new students and continue the run of success.
Tennis is only part of the fun.  Our goal is to create a family through experiences, competition, and team relationships.
What should you do ?
Visit the
Girls Tennis website
/
Boys Tennis website
at:
Look at the Schedule (Start date August 5- Girls)(Feb. 3, 2025- Boys
Results Page - Get an Idea of matches!
Video’s
Our team videos from the last 8 years are available.
Explore the activities we do! (Archery, Surfing, Rafting, etc.)
Plan for the summer (Separate Email )
Tennis Camp – June 10-21
Summer program – June 10th – August 2nd
Have a great rest of the year and we look forward to working with you over the next four years.  If you have any questions of our program please feel free to email me at
deckenburg@rocklinusd.org
or call at 916-549-9771.
Go Thunder,
Mr. Dale Eckenburg
FAQ
TENNIS PRINCIPLES
Over the last 25 years I’ve tried to create a program that strives to achieve 3 principles.
ACADEMICS: The tennis team and our school promotes an academic program that works with sports to better your experience.  Our school schedule is ideal for sports as well as the 23+ AP programs.  Our varsity tennis team each year is the most academically successful sports program on campus measured by academic GPA.  Our Varsity team last year took over 50 AP courses.  We strive to be responsible student athletes.
(2025 Graduates - Stanford, Penn, UCLA, UC Berkeley, Cal Poly, Northwestern, UC Davis)
TEAM: I try everyday to make sure we create a team environment and continue to work on creating team experiences that develop friendships and a bond that each tennis player can rely on.  We’ve had team activities ranging from white water rafting, waterskiing, paintballing, ocean kayaking, camping, hiking in Yosemite, horseback riding, surfing and yes tennis!!
COMPETITION: We work to create a team that competes with the best of the best in this area.  Last year our girls played against the top 10 teams in the area, eventually ending up ranked #2/130 and a Division I Section Runner-Up.  Our Boys finished 2023 6th in the section after a semifinal run in the DII playoffs.
CUT SPORT
Is tennis a cut sport? Yes  We typically have 30-40 girls/boys on the tennis team and work hard to not cut.  I try hard to keep all freshmen to get them experiencing tennis.  If I get 10 freshmen out, great shouldn’t have to cut.  If I get 30, the math doesn’t work with 3 coaches and 8 courts.
It's pretty simple, how much time do you put in from now until August (girls) / February (boys).  I did have to let 8 girls / 3 boys go.  I still have not gotten word on practice restrictions for next year due to the late start.
PRIOR EXPERIENCE
Do you have to have prior experience?  No, sports transfer.  Basketball, softball/baseball and volleyball players make great tennis players.  I never played tennis growing up.  My first tennis was my freshman year, but I played basketball, baseball, football and shot archery.  Several of our players never played tennis before high school.
But, you have to get started with the learning process now/summer.
SUMMER “STUFF”
Summer Camp and High School Camp in follow up email.
Johnson Ranch or Sierra View – Local tennis clubs who offer quality tennis instruction during the summer.  Typically it costs $400-$500.
SCHEDULE
The schedule is online.  Please review the matches.
Girls start August 5th and go through Nov. 20 +/-.
Boys start February 3rd and go through May 10.
Are there JV matches – Most programs have 16-18 girls/boys.  It is very hard to schedule JV matches but we do.  With such a large team with lots of good players we play two matches each day (1/2 team home and ½ team on the road) while also scheduling 6-8 JV matches.
Lastly, please visit the girl’s/boy’s tennis website and look around.  THIS year’s schedule, results, photo galleries, videos, etc.
http://rhs.rocklinusd.org/subsites/Tennis---Girls/
http://rhs.rocklinusd.org/subsites/Tennis---Boys/
Thanks again for your interest in girls tennis and if you have any questions please respond!
Dale Eckenburg
deckenburg@rocklinusd.org
916-549-9771
Summer Program
Summer Program Document
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter