Physical Education
RHS PE Gradiing Information
Flex Period PE Make-Ups
PE1
PE Electives
Medical Questions
Letter to Parents
Modified Physical Education Form
Sample Note for P.E.
FAQ's
RHS Fitness For Life
Physical Education Banner
Medical Questions
It is the goal of the RHS Physical Education Department to keep students actively involved whenever possible and appropriate.  Goal number  one is the health and safety of of the student.  Students who are unable to participate due to injury or illness will not earn daily participation points.  Prompt and clear communication between Parent/Physician and Teacher is important.  If the Doctor specifically allows it, most activities can be  modified allowing students to remain engaged at an appropriate level until they can return to full participation.  Not all activites can be modified for all circumstances.  Not all modifications requested are available.  When in doubt, please email your P.E. teacher.  In the event the a student cannot participate they will have the opportunity to earn the points they missed during Flex Period PE Make-Ups.
FIRST AID/INJURIES
FIRST AID/INJURIES
REPORT ALL IN CLASS INJURIES TO YOUR TEACHER IMMEDIATELY
Basic first aid supplies are available in the P.E. offices for accidents and injuries that occur during class time.  Students requiring more medical aid will be sent to the Nurse's office. Please see school nurse for accidents and injuries that occur outside of P.E.
ASTHMA/CHRONIC CONDITIONS AFFECTING PARTICIPATION
ASTHMA/CHRONIC CONDITIONS AFFECTING PARTICIPATION
There are many conditions that may limit but not exclude a student from participation in Physical Education activities.  These may include Asthma, Scoliosis, Diabetes, IBS and more.  Our goal is to ensure that each student participates appropriately to their full ability.   Modified P.E. forms are available with the link below or from your teacher and should be completed and returned as early as possible.
Students requiring the use of inhalers need to have modified PE  forms on file with the school health office and their P.E. Teacher.
Students will be expected to carry the inhaler to class everyday.
Modified PE Letter
explains who qualifies for Modified PE
Modified PE Form for Physicians
Short Term Medical participation
Short Term Medical participation
It is the understanding of the Physical Education department that if a student is well enough to attend school, then he/she is well enough to participate in Physical Education.  However, we also recognize that there are legitimate reasons for being excused from/modifying physical activity. In the event the student cannot participate fully they can earn their points during Flex time Make-ups.  Our goal is to have students engaged in daily activities so if we can apporpriately and safely modify their activity a student may still earn points.
In order to be excused from/modify class activities the student must bring a
SIGNED AND DATED note
which includes
why
the student is being excused/modified from the parent/Physician.  All notes must be presented ON the same day of  class .  If the student needs to be excused for more than 3 school days, a doctor’s note is required.  This note must be on file with the P.E. Instructor. Student will be encouraged to earn the daily points they missed during Flex time.
SAMPLE PARENT NOTE
Students with a note will dress in P.E. clothes and participate as appropriate.
For the safety of our Student Athletes, a Medical excuse from PE will also be excluded from athletic participation.
Students unable to participate will not earn daily participation points
LONG TERM MEDICAL:
LONG TERM MEDICAL:
ex... broken bones, extended illness, surgery, etc...
1.
MODIFIED PHYSICAL EDUCATION (MPE)
:  L
ONG TERM MPE i
s for those students with chronic conditions that may limit their participation in physical education for the entire school year.  Examples would be.. scoliosis, Osgood-Schlatter’s, IBS,  and some forms of asthma.  These students are required to have a
MPE
form completed by their physician.  This will help the Physical Education staff develop a plan so the student can safely earn points and participate in class activities. (see chronic conditions above).
Short Term MPE
is for those students with an injury/illness that requires modifications for less than 6 weeks. Not all class activities can be modified, not all requested modifications are available. (I recommend we erase this)   These students are required to have a
MPE
form completed by their physician.  If a student is unable to participate in class activities,they will not earn daily participation points.
Modified PE Letter
Modified PE Form for Physicians
2.
MEDICAL INCOMPLETE:
is for those students who become ill or injured during the school year and are unable to continue, or will miss 6 weeks or more of class activity.  These students will be referred to their counselor as soon as the P.E. teacher receives medical documentation.  These students can earn course credit after minimum requirements (70%) have been met.  Students will have one full semester to complete any make-ups necessary to meet those requirements. Students may also choose to retake the semester at a later date (medical withdrawl).
3.
EXEMPTION
: is for students who are physically unable to participate in any activity during class due to permanent illness or injury as documented by a physician.  These students will meet with their counselor to work on course placement.  These students will not earn credit for the semester from which they are exempted.
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter