Counseling
Class of 2025
Class of 2026
Class of 2027
Class of 2028
Academic Planning Guide
About
Academic Resources
A - G Approved Courses
Parent Resources
No Mark (NM) Info
Graduation Requirements
Advanced Placement Information
College and Career Center
Community Service Contract
Community Service Opportunities
Peer Counseling
Valedictorian Selection
Wellness
Registrar (transcripts)
Work Permits
Registrar
Valedictorian Selection
ROCKLIN HIGH SCHOOL VALEDICTORIAN SELECTION CRITERIA
Rocklin High School Class Valedictorians represent the top academic performers of the graduating class.
Valedictorian status is awarded to the top two percent of senior class students based on total weighted GPA in grades 9th through 12th.This number is based on the number of students enrolled in the senior class at the beginning of their senior year. If more than two percent of the senior class make up the lowest qualifying GPA, all students tied at the lowest qualifying GPA are valedictorians.
Valedictorian Evaluation Criteria:
All high school courses will be included in the calculation of the total weighted GPA in grades 9th through 12th.
“High school level courses” taken in middle school and college courses taken during high school will not be included in the GPA calculation.
UC approved Rocklin Unified School District Honors and Advanced Placement courses will be awarded one extra grade point in the GPA calculation.
Weighted grades will be assigned only for Honors and Advanced Placement courses offered in the Rocklin Unified School District for transfer students from schools in California, out of state, and out of the country.
Students must be enrolled in Rocklin High School by the beginning of the first semester of senior year to be considered for class valedictorian.
Potential valedictorian candidates will be identified after the first semester report card is issued of the senior year and a meeting will be held with potential candidates.
Potential valedictorian candidates may be dropped from the list based on senior year grades if they fall below the top two percent qualification following spring semester grades.
Final valedictorian status will be confirmed based on the eighth semester report card at the end of senior year.
Students may be removed from the valedictorian list if it is determined by administration that they do not meet acceptable Rocklin/Whitney High School standards of academics.
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter