RHS Choir/Piano/Latest News!
RHS Choir Calendar
Choir Syllabus
RHS Choir Auditions
RHS Choir Audio and Video
RHS Choir Sound Cloud
RHS Student Conductor
Trip & Fundraising
RHS Piano Lab
Email Questions for Choir or Piano Here!
RHS Student Conductor
Student Directing
RHS Choir
Mr. Shawn Spiess
sspiess@rocklinusd.org
Student Director Application
Download, Print and Return this application to become a Student Conductor for RHS Choir
Applications due by 4/5/24 for the 2024/25 School Year
Download Application Here
Syllabus and Expectations
Download and Print PDF Version
Thank you for volunteering to be a Choral Student Director!  This is a wonderful way to develop your skills as a musician, an educator and a leader.  There will be many challenges along the way, but the rewards are unlike any other.  Here we go!
Assignments
Fall Semester - Students Conductors may...
Teach a lesson on vocal technique (20-30min)
Direct warm-ups once a week (10-15min)
Teach at least one basic concept of Music Theory during the course of the semester
Teach and direct 1-2 for the Winter Concert.  You can look in our music library or online at either of these sites:
www.jwpepper.com
,
www.sbmp.com
,
www.cpdl.org
,
www.cipoo.n
Spring Semester - Student Conductors may...
Direct warm-ups twice a week (10-15min)
Teach at least two basic concepts of Music Theory during the course of the semester
Teach and direct 1-2 pieces for the Spring Concert.  At least one of these pieces must include either mixed meter (ex. 3/4
and
4/4) or irregular meter (ex. 5/4, 7/4).
Lessons
Within the first few weeks of each semester we will be meeting after school to schedule your lessons and to go over how to create and organize lesson plans.  Lesson plans will be
due the class before you teach
.  We will discuss effective teaching methods, conducting patterns, etc.  If you have
any
questions regarding what you are teaching or how to teach it, please do not hesitate to ask.
Participation
If you are not teaching directly during class, you should be singing with your group.  If you are not a member of the choir you direct, you will be serving as a kind of "super section leader."  I might have you take a section into another room to go over parts or sing with a certain section to help reinforce good sound and intonation.  This means you should be familiar with
all
ensemble repertoire, not just the songs you are teaching.
Good luck and don't ever hesitate to ask for help or come to me with any problems.  It is my goal to be as supportive as possible in order to make this experience a successful one for you and your students.
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter