Academics
Staff Directory
Career Technical Education
World Languages
Language Arts
Mathematics
Physical Education
Science
Social Science
Special Education
Visual and Performing Arts
Career Technical Education
ABOUT CTE
Career Technical Education is a program of study that involves a multi-year sequence of courses that integrates core academic knowledge with technical and occupational knowledge to provide students with a pathway to post-secondary education and careers.
While in high school, students have the opportunity to acquire technical skills training in the career they may be interested in by focusing on any of our career pathways here at RHS.  Students will learn valuable technical skills and soft skills making them on their way to be career ready .
WHAT IS A CAREER PATHWAY?
A Pathway is a sequence of courses within your area of interest.
A Pathway will connect your career interests from high school to college and/or career.
A Pathway is your educational road map guiding you to the high school courses and post-secondary options most relevant to your chosen career destination.
A Pathway will help you acquire the depth of knowledge and skill linked with specific post-secondary programs that will lead to a certificate or degree and/or career.
ROCKLIN HIGH CTE PATHWAYS
Here are the following pathways available at RHS.
Pathway
Course website
Teacher
Email
Business and Finance
Wendy Ghyselinck
wghyselinck@rocklinusd.org
Computer Science
Link
Paul Werner
pwerner@rocklinusd.org
Early Childhood Education
Link
Robyn Parratto
rparratto@rocklinusd.org
Engineering
Link
Shawn Hewson
shewson@rocklinusd.org
Photography
Link
Yearbook, Journalism,
Photo Journalism
Link
Josh Rubinstein
jrubinstein@rocklinusd.org
Sports Medicine
Link
Torrey Walter
twalter@rocklinusd.org
Video Production
Link
Ryan O'Donnell
rodonnell@rocklinusd.org
Rocklin High's CTE Teachers are committed to developing 21st century leaders who demonstrate integrity, honor, and compassion as they gain the academic and technological skills needed to achieve excellence in college and career
Useful Links:
CTE Online
California Dept of Ed - CTE
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter