College and Career Center
College Planning
SAT/ACT
Career Exploration
Work Permits
Schedule Meetings
College Admissions Professionals
Military and ASVAB Information
SAT/ACT Preparation
How Do I Prepare?
There are many options for students when it comes to preparing for the SAT or ACT. As a school, we do not provide test prep classes, however there are some great options on our campus and online that are coordinated by outside vendors. Please visit their individual websites below for more information and to enroll.
There are other great resources at
www.collegeboard.org
and
www.actstudent.org
.
Online Test Prep:
www.khanacademy.org/sat
- College Board has partnered with Khan Academy to offer free online SAT Prep. Khan academy is also a great resource for help in many other academic areas as well.
Official SAT Practice Tests (College Board)
https://www.act.org/content/act/en/products-and-services/the-act/test-preparation.html
- ACT has partnered with Kaplan to offer test prep. Some programs are free some have a cost.
ACT Academy
https://www.revolutionprep.com/programs/test-prep/
- Revolution Prep has been offering fully online test prep both live and self-paced  programs since well before COVID. Like the ACT, they have some free opportunities and some with a cost.
Classroom Test Prep:
Granite Bay/Rocklin Test Prep:
https://granitebaytestprep.com/
This prep course is taught by two Granite Bay High School teachers. This class is offered throughout the year at Granite Bay High School and via Zoom. The course is typically four weeks long and broken into two sections (Math and English) so students may take either one or both. They also offer a week-long intensive summer workshop each year.
Here is the link for Fall 2024
Live Online Practice Tests: FOR RHS STUDENTS
Live Online Practice Tests: FOR RHS STUDENTS
Revolution Prep is offering a live online full length practice SAT and ACT exams for RHS students. Students will be sent all test materials electronically and then log into a Zoom at test time, where a proctor will make the exact announcements and keep the exact timing for each section as a student would hear during a real test. At the conclusion of the test, students will be able to self-score their exam through the Revolution Prep app.
Download this flyer for more information
Register here by the Thursday before the test to secure your seat
Digital SAT Saturday, October 12: 9:00am - 1:00pm
ACT Saturday, November 16: 9:00am - 1:00pm
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter