Tara McCullough
tmccullough@rocklin.k12.ca.us
AB Book
Calculus of a Single
Variable
, 6
th
ed. by Larson
BC Book
Calculus of a Single
Variable
, 9
th
ed. by Larson
Course Content
As outlined by the College Board, the course will cover all the topics in calculus AB: limits, continuity, differentiation, fundamental theorem of calculus, integration of algebraic, trigonometric, and transcendental functions, as well as numerous applications. In addition, the BC class will cover: parametric, polar, and vector functions, Euler’s method, L’Hopital’s rule, improper integrals, additional techniques of integration, logistic differential equations, and polynomial approximations and series.
There will be additional topics covered after the AP test.
Grading
Grades will be based on tests, quizzes, and homework.
Tests
30% Concepts: 30% Quizzes: 20% Homework: 20%
Grades are assigned as shown. Grades are not rounded. 89% is a B+.
90 - 100% =
A
80-89% =
B
70-78% =
C
0 - 69% =
NC
Drop Policy
In order to drop an AP class it must be done within the first 3 weeks of the class (September 10th).  After that, students must remain in the class until the end of first semester
.
Homework
Homework will be assigned daily. The easiest way to fail this class is to avoid the homework. It is expected that homework be completed by the following class period. However, the homework is
due the last day of the
week (Th or F depending on the week). Only some of the problems will be graded. Solutions to the homework will be available the following week.
LATE HOMEWORK WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED
Calculators
It is highly recommended that you have your own calculator. You will need to be proficient with it when you take the AP test. I suggest the TI-83+, TI-84+, or TI-89, though you may use any of the calculators approved by the college board for this class.
AP Test
The AP calculus test will be given on Thursday, May 5
th
, during the morning session. The cost, set by the College Board, is
$89
.   Make checks payable to RHS and turn them into Ms. Miller in the student store.  All AP test fees are due by February 1
st
.    Information regarding fee waivers can be found in the counseling center.
Comments
It is extremely important that you don’t feel lost in this course. If you are lost, get help from me or from another student. I strongly suggest that you form study groups outside of class. I am available for help during 7
th
period, before school, and after school.
The easiest way for parents to contact me is to use email.
Syllabus Verification
Subject
Syllabus
Syllabus
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter