Rocklin High Football
2024 Game Schedule
2024 Varsity Roster
JV Roster
Frosh Roster
Coaching Staff
Freshman 2024 Info
BSN TEAM STORE
2024 VIP Experience
Annual Cornhole Tourney
Sponsorship
MaxPreps Stats
Next Level 7 on 7
History
Recruiting Presentation
MaxPreps
Athletics Home
2024 VIP Experience
The VIP experience will be the best possible way to
Watch the Thunder take down the SFL!
VIPs will get free admission to all 5 home games (does NOT include playoff games), exclusive access to the Thunder Dome on-field tent, pre-game meals, desserts, snacks and non-alcoholic beverages, on-field experience for VIPs only, VIP parking, VIP access and every VIP will have a reserved seat for every regular season home game in the top 10 rows near the 50 yard line.
Each seat is $300
2024 RHS Football JV/Varsity HOME Schedule
Terms & Conditions:
1. One VIP per game per pass (wristbands will be issued for each game).
2. All RUSD rules apply to the VIP tent (no alcoholic beverages allowed).
3. Reserved seating applies to RHS Friday night “home games” only.
4. VIP Club members must have their VIP parking passes visible in order to receive preferred parking.
5. Only 1 (one) parking pass will be issued per block of seats.
6. VIP Club members must wear their VIP badges and wristbands and have them visible in order to receive entry into the RHS stadium gates and seating.
7. VIP tent access is a privilege, and will be revoked for inappropriate fan behavior.
8. Your VIP Ticket is a nonrefundable donation to the Rocklin High Football program and we appreciate your support.
2024 VIP tickets will go on sale
Wednesday May 1st 2024.
Last years (2023) VIP’s will have two days to pre-purchase before being released for general sale.  General sales will open
Wednesday May 8th
.
We anticipate the tickets going fast, so if you are interested, please move quickly once the tickets are available.  An email will go out to our football, dance, cheer and band contacts who will then forward along to their organizations.  Be on the lookout for that email with information on the purchase process. Please contact Vista Miller (VIP Chair) at
vistasmiller@gmail.com
with any questions.
SIGN UP HERE
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter