Syllabus 2013-2014
Syllabus 2013-2014
Course Syllabus
Rocklin High School English Language Development 2013-2014
Contact Information
Teachers: Adrienne Tacla and Laura Sellers
Instructional Aide: Marilyn Brown
E-mail:atacla@rocklin.k12.ca.us lsellers@rocklin.k12.ca.us mabrown@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Office hours: Teachers are available to students as needed
Course Description: English Language Development is a year-long course designed to aid students in learning to improve their listening, speaking, reading, and writing in English, according to the California ELD Standards. Students participate in listening, speaking, reading, and writing activities. Class work will consist of ELD textbook lessons, grammar exercises, reading for vocabulary acquisition and other projects to increase English comprehension.
Course Textbook:  Edge by Hampton Brown
Course Outcomes: The essential skills and concepts that will be covered in this course are those stated in the California ELD standards.
Course Expectations:
Students will be expected to:
1
FULLY participate in class work and class activities. Failure to do so will result in a loss of points.
2
MAINTAIN regular attendance at school. Your presence and participation in class will help you succeed in this class as well as your other classes.
3
COME to class with a positive attitude and a willingness to improve their English skills!
Class Policies and Procedures
Class Rules:
1.
Show respect.
2.
Make good decisions.
3.
Solve your problem.
Classroom Procedures:
•
Daily Agenda: The daily agenda will be posted on the board each day. I will write other information such as announcements, reminders, and due dates.
•
Accelerated Reader: Students must be prepared daily with reading material for AR. If not, a loss of points will occur.  They will be assigned a subjective amount of points each quarter that they will need to achieve.
•
Interactive Journal: Students will have a notebook with lined paper that will serve as their journal. They must bring this with them to class each day.
•
Binder Check: This will occur frequently. I will check to see if the student’s binder(s) is being kept in an orderly manner, with all necessary supplies.
Materials: Students are expected to bring the following to class every day:
1
A three-ring binder ORGANIZED with dividers and class information.
2
The RHS planner
3
Pens, pencils, colored pencils, highlighters
4
Any homework or assignments
5    Journal/Binder paper
Assignment Policy: All assignments are due at the beginning of class unless I have instructed you otherwise.
Late Work: Late assignments receive no higher than a 70%. If you are absent when the assignment is due, you are expected to turn it in when you return to class, or you can email it to me at lsellers@rocklin.k12.ca.us  OR atacla@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Assignments will be weighted by the following criteria:
Daily Work and Exit Tickets
40%
Quizzes, Tests, and Projects
40%
Accelerated Reader
10%
Oral Participation
10%
Grading Scale:
90-100%
A
80-89
B
70-79
C
69 Or below  NC (no credit)
Check your grades: You can always check your current grade online at:
http://www.edline.net
Please review this information with your parent or guardian. Please complete the information below and return it to your ELD teacher. This information is worth 10 points.
English Language Development
Syllabus
Syllabus
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter