Spanish 1
Semester 1
Semester 2
Study Spanish
Schoology
Ramos Syllabus
FOR ALL GRADES GO TO https://www.edline.net
DeMeyer: Go to Schoology
Carlson: Go to Schoology
QUIZLET
Teachers
Teachers
Sr. Carlson
Sra. Crawford
Sra. De Meyer
Sra. Ramos
Attention:
Attention:
Ramos
: All daily work is attached in Schoology.  It is
your
responsibility to look at the updates and the calendar on Schoology every night.  If you are absent, you can print off the assignments we did in class and do them.  Please come back to class with the work completed and with any questions you might have.  You do NOT need to tell me you were absent; I know.  Dates of upcoming assignments, quizzes, and tests are on Schoology.  Grades will still be maintained on Schoology also.
Spanish 1
Course Description
Course Description
Spanish 1 is a year-long course and fulfills the one year foreign language requirement at Rocklin High School. Spanish One is designed so that students will study vocabulary, have a basic mastery of regular and irregular verb conjugations in the present tense, and be able to answer basic questions. In addition, students will develop a stronger cultural awareness, which is an essential aspect of learning a language. It is my hope that students will learn to converse with their basic Spanish rather than focusing only on the rules that govern Spanish grammar. However, the rules are important and lay the foundation for being a successful conversationalist. Classroom activities may include paired and group activities, skits, story-telling, translations, games, cultural videos, presentations, art related projects, daily warm-ups, book work exercises, journal entries, and tests. Overall long term memory of vocabulary and grammar concepts is extremely important to being able to read, write, and talk in the target language. Students should plan on studying vocabulary and reviewing grammar concepts 15-30 minutes every night.
Welcome to Spanish 1
Welcome to Spanish 1
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter