










Syllabus




































skip to main content










District






                                    Schools
                                


Antelope Creek Elementary School
Breen Elementary School
Cobblestone Elementary
Parker Whitney Elementary School
Quarry Trail Elementary School
Rock Creek Elementary School
Rocklin Elementary School
Ruhkala Elementary
Sierra Elementary School
Sunset Ranch Elementary
Twin Oaks Elementary
Valley View Elementary
Granite Oaks Middle School
Spring View Middle School
Rocklin High School
Whitney High School
Rocklin Alternative Education Center
Rocklin Virtual Campus
Victory High School










                                    Translate
                                


Chinese
Dutch
English
French
German
Greek
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish
Vietnamese
Tagalog
Khmer
Farsi
Hindi
Punjabi







STAFF ROOM







Navigation











Search

Submit




Course InformationSyllabusMain Page Content Begins Here






SITE SEARCH



Search Site
Submit




Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram

















                                    LA 4
                                

                                    A California Distinguished School
                                









                                            5301 Victory Ln.
                                        

                                            Rocklin, CA 95765
                                        








                                        Phone:
                                        (916) 632-1600
                                    












Course InformationSyllabusMain Page Content Begins Here



















Course Information  Syllabus








QUICK LINKS & RESOURCES






Students







Staff Directory








Calendar






















LA/COM IV jjames@rocklin.k12.ca.us
JAMES 632-1600 ex. 6274
Prep: 7th and 8th per
COURSE OVERVIEW

WARNING!
The following list identifies some of the warning signs of a dreaded and academically devastating
disease, the pervasive SENIORITIS. If recognized and treated early with periodic doses of positive attitude, determination, and sense of humor, its spread can be controlled.
1. You imagine your senior year to be one long, amazing social event.
2. You plan to work hard until college applications are turned in.
3. You spend more time thinking about next year than this year.
4. You feel faint when you hear the words "homework," "essay," "study," or 
"reading."
5. You dream you come to school in your pajamas, but you end up enjoying it.

GENERAL DESCRIPTION

Twelfth grade language arts provides a rigorous thematic course of study designed to acquaint 
students with the demands of college-level work. Our work will explore the question: What is the self? 
Content has been selected to illuminate different aspects of the theme of identity: How do we define ourselves in relation to family, friends, culture, society and government? How do people gain or lose control of their identities? Who are we and who do we want to be? Students read extensively from
a rich world literature curriculum (up to 100 pages per week in novels, plays, short stories, nonfiction 
and poetry) and write frequently for different purposes and audiences and in a variety of styles 
(including expository and analytical essays, short fiction, poetry, and informal responses to literature 
and discussion). Writing assignments emphasize the development of academic skills necessary for students to thrive in college course work. Direct grammar and usage instruction are connected to specific writing assignments and to the needs and interests of students. Writing skills developed 
include: smooth integration of quotations, closing analytical gaps in argumentation, research 
organization, use of active voice, pronoun usage, punctuation, conventions of academic writing, use 
of MLA style, and other areas based on student interest or need. In addition, senior language arts 
classes aim to develop important skills in speaking and listening through collaboration, presentation 
and, especially, through Socratic seminar discussion. In these discussions (which form a touchstone 
for the learning of the course), students take a leadership role, helping to set the agenda for discussion 
and assuming facilitation duties. 
　

EXPECTATIONS AND PROCEDURES
Classroom Procedures
 

Much of our class time will consist of discussion and seminars around the material we are studying. 
The success of these class sessions depends upon each and every one of you. If you contribute 
your thoughts and feelings in a serious, honest, and respectful manner, we will all learn. The purpose 
of class discussion is to come to a better understanding of the issues presented in the literature and to help you improve your ability to express your ideas. Everyone’s perspective is valid, and everyone is entitled to his or her own opinion. While disagreements are healthy, productive, and inevitable, personal attacks, insults, or other forms of disrespect will not be tolerated. In college and in the work world 
you will need to be able disagree with others in a professional and productive manner.
Discussion skills are so important that you will be observed and evaluated on your participation 
and cooperation during seminars. Discussion participation will be treated as one or more 
assignments during each grading period. Come to class with ideas and be ready to talk!
Assignments and Materials
 

Each student will keep a notebook divided into three sections: thinking log, assignments, and notes. 
A significant portion of your overall grade (approximately 10%) will be based on your participation in 
the ongoing activities of the class. The notebook is your record of your participation and I will use it to help me determine this part of your grade. It will be collected regularly. Please keep it neat and 
orderly.
Major assignments will be announced, and instructions given, long before they are due. You will have 
plenty of time to complete big projects and writing tasks. However, you will be responsible for 
scheduling time to complete projects. You will not always have time
in class to work on them. Don’t wait until the last minute!
Grading Policy
 

Students who have demonstrated mastery of the essential learning of the class during a given grading period (by successfully demonstrating essential skills tested in major assignments) will receive a grade based on the student’s point total for all assignments, including participation and cooperation scores. Practice/homework assignments will not be accepted late for any reason. Major measures of learning (long-term demonstrations identified in bold on the course outline) will be accepted for full credit on the due date only. Students who MISS THE DUE DATE MAY be allowed to make up the assignment after speaking with the instructor. A full grade deduction will be assessed for each class day an 
assignment is late. A STUDENT MUST HAVE EARNED AN "A", "B", or "C" AND MASTERED THE 
ESSENTIAL SKILLS OF THE COURSE BY SEMESTER’S END OR AN "NC" WILL BE ISSUED 
AND THE STUDENT MUST REPEAT THE SEMESTER. 
A=Mastery of essential skills and at least 90% of points possible on all assignments.
B=Mastery of essential skills and at least 80% of points possible on all assignments.
C=Mastery of essential skills, passing grade in the course, and satisfactory participation and 
cooperation.
NC=Student has not demonstrated mastery of essential learning and/or earned a passing 
grade in the course. Course must be repeated for credit. 

Attendance

It is important for you to come to class regularly and on time. You will find that I begin class promptly, 
usually with a thinking log entry that cannot be made up by latecomers or no-shows. You will also find 
that assignments often build upon work and discussions we’ve had in class. Missing one or two 
sessions can really put you behind. Also, bear in mind that your participation in class discussions is treated as an assignment for this class. 
If you’ve missed a class, it is your responsibility to find out what went on, what was assigned, and when 
you can make up the work. First, ask a classmate. Pick up handouts in the "handout area." Find out 
from your peers what additional instructions were given. After you’ve completed these steps, if you need additional information or guidance, I will provide it.
Behavioral Expectations
 

As seniors, you are well aware of what is expected of you when you walk into a classroom. I expect to 
be working with adults. Respect, cooperation, and positive attitudes are the most important ingredients 
in any group endeavor, and I will insist on them. My expectations are simple, and they are necessary for a smooth-running, comfortable classroom that everyone can feel good about. Disrespectful or uncooperative behavior will be handled swiftly with the support of parents and administration. Remember: Be Prompt, Be Prepared, Be Polite, and Be Positive!
　
　
　
　
　
　

****THE COURSE****

NOTE: Major Assignments (demonstrations of essential skills) appear in bold under "Assessment".

UNIT ONE: Foundations

 
 August
Description/Objective
: Students will become acquainted with the structure, procedures and expectations of the course through hands-on activities. Students will understand the purpose and methods of: thinking log, Socratic seminar, writing and reading genres and expectations, elements of literature, homework procedures, agenda, student absence procedures, substitute procedures and expectations, emergency procedures, phone procedures, group work procedures and expectations, and conduct expectations for different activities. Teacher will also become acquainted with student background and expectations through introductions, confidential information cards, discussion and the Writer’s Autobiography.
Activities/Assessment
: Student mastery of content is measured by teacher observation and through the Social Networking Foundations Exam (50) in which students demonstrate foundational skills in close reading, note-taking and discussion as we explore the benefits and dangers of social networking technologies. The Writer’s Autobiography (50) assignment is used to help the teacher determine student’s prior experiences with and attitude toward writing as well as the student’s initial skill level. 
The fiction writing contest (60) allows students to experiment firsthand with the elements of literature that are an important foundation of the course.
***Long-term assignment: Quarterly Outside Reading selection. Students will read one work on their 
own each quarter. Outside Reading Exams (50) will be administered in the final week of each quarter. Book lists and additional details will be provided. 

UNIT TWO: Who am I? Who do I want to be? College/Career I-Search

 
 September
Description/Objective
: We will explore college and career opportunities while at the same time brushing up on research and citation expectations and techniques and discovering Career Center resources. Students will learn vocabulary associated with college curriculum and the application process. We will examine sample college application essays and students will have an opportunity to write and get feedback on their own application essays. Finally, students will produce an I-search 
paper designed to help them plan their lives after high school.
Activities/Assessment
: Learning is measured through the following activities and assignments: 
college terms quiz, college application essay, Socratic seminar, college/career I-search 

paper 

 
(50).

UNIT THREE: The Song of the Self: Poetry Anthology 

 
Oct.-Nov 
Description/Objective
: The goal of this three-week unit is to provide students with a survey of 
Important poetry and poets--in both breadth and depth. Students will become familiar with poetic 
devices, gain an historical sense of the sweep of movements in poetry, and have an opportunity to 
apply their learning by experimenting with poetry writing of their own. We will cover poetic forms, techniques, performance, critical writing, and vocabulary as students produce an anthology of both collected and original work.
Activities/Assessment
: Student learning will be measured by both formal and informal assessments including: discussion, presentation, Poetry Exam (50), and Poetry Anthology (100).

UNIT FOUR: Philosophy and Identity: Socratic Seminar/Textual Analysis

 
 Nov.-Dec.
Description/Objective
: This unit will help students develop important skills in close reading, analysis, critical questioning, speaking, listening and collaborative interpretation. These skills are essential for success in college course work and in the work world. The goal is for students be able independently 
to plan and facilitate a class discussion on an intellectually challenging nonfiction text. Selected texts 
also give students a valuable background in philosophy and allow us to connect to ideas addressed in 
the government/economics curriculum. Students will learn how to read for detail, patterns and ideas and 
also how to develop provocative, open-ended questions to stimulate talk and interpretation. Students 
will apply these skills in individual writing as well as collaborative discussion.
Activities/Assessment
: Small groups will plan and lead class discussion on assigned texts in the 

Socratic Seminar Project

 
 (150) and will complete weekly analysis paragraphs (40) as we prepare 
for a timed in-class essay exam (50).

UNIT FIVE: Juvenile Justice

 
 Jan
Description/Objective
: The juvenile justice unit allows students to explore fascinating, relevant, 
and controversial content while developing the college-level critical reading and rhetorical skills recommended in the California State University Expository Reading and Writing Curriculum. 
Students will examine arguments for and against charging and punishing juvenile offenders as 
adults and discover the rhetorical techniques writers use to persuade an audience. Finally, 
students will utilize these persuasive strategies as they plan a documentary film on a juvenile case 
study.
Activities/Assessment:
 In addition to informal oral and written responses to the readings, students 
will produce a Juvenile Justice Documentary Storyboard (50) and a Persuasive Timed Essay 
(50) to demonstrate their understanding of rhetorical strategies. 
　

UNIT SIX: Self-determination: South Africa

 
 Feb-Mar
Description/Objective
: We will deepen our consideration of our course theme by exploring the 
individual’s relationship to government and the i power of people to confront oppression and 
injustice. As a case study, we will look to the experience of the South African people and examine its relevance to U.S. experience past and present. Students will gain background knowledge on South Africa’s history and literature in preparation for our reading of Alan Paton’s novel Cry, the Beloved Country. In addition to extending the skills we’ve been developing (discussion, close reading, analysis, research and interpretive writing), students will learn to apply literary/mythological archetypes to their reading (initiation; hero’s quest; Dante’s Fourfold Method). Students will also conduct research that explores a world conflict and the problems and possibilities associated with peacemaking efforts and 
the achievement of justice in that region.
Activities/Assessment
: The unit will include discussion, personal writing, quizzes and research, 
leading to the Peace Summit (100) and Cry, the Beloved Country Exam (100).
　

UNIT SEVEN: Shakespeare and the Crisis of Identity

 
 April-May
Description/Objective
: In this unit students will have an opportunity to explore our course theme 
through intensive study of a dramatic work which concerns itself with questions of identity. 
Through a close reading of Shakespeare’s Othello, students will examine the ways in which Othello misreads the true natures of those around him and consequently loses his own sense of confidence, honor, and identity. Students will learn the elements of drama, experiment with acting and 
performance, and write both informally and formally as they grapple with the play’s ideas.
Activities/Assessment
: Students will keep an informal play log (50) to record thoughts, questions, 
and observations. We will become more comfortable with Shakespeare’s language through choral readings, dramatic readings and performances of short sections of the play. The unit will culminate 
in a formal Shakespeare Performance (50) and Exam (70) which will allow students to demonstrate 
their thinking about the play’s characters and ideas.

UNIT EIGHT: Textual Analysis/Short Fiction: "Final Exam"

 
 May
Description/Objective
: Students will apply and demonstrate the skills covered throughout the year 
as they work out their own supported interpretations of a classic short story. Students will 
demonstrate the ability to perform close reading, pose appropriate questions, develop a supportable 
point of view and argue an interpretation using the vocabulary of literary study. Groups will 
ultimately collaborate to show the relevance of literature to our lives by staging and performing 
their short stories in the form of a one act play set at Rocklin High School utilizing the themes and characterization of the original story.
Assessment
: Students are observed during discussions and group collaboration to help the teacher 
gauge levels of understanding and engagement. Students’ understanding is measured formally in 
the One Act Play (50). 
　
GRADUATION! CONGRATULATIONS!

















Course InformationSyllabus










Syllabus

























                        We're Social! Connect with Us.
                    

Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter

















                            Rocklin High School
                        

                            A California Distinguished School
                        


Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram







                                    5301 Victory Ln.
                                

                                    Rocklin, CA 95765
                                







                                        (916) 632-1600
                                    






                                    (916) 632-0305 (fax)




Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram



QUICK LINKS











Non-Discrimination Policy



Reset Contrast
High Contrast


A-Z Site Map





                            Copyright © 2018
                            Rocklin High School and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Website Developed By CatapultCMS® & EMS®
|
Log In























