










Syllabus




































skip to main content










District






                                    Schools
                                


Antelope Creek Elementary School
Breen Elementary School
Cobblestone Elementary
Parker Whitney Elementary School
Quarry Trail Elementary School
Rock Creek Elementary School
Rocklin Elementary School
Ruhkala Elementary
Sierra Elementary School
Sunset Ranch Elementary
Twin Oaks Elementary
Valley View Elementary
Granite Oaks Middle School
Spring View Middle School
Rocklin High School
Whitney High School
Rocklin Alternative Education Center
Rocklin Virtual Campus
Victory High School










                                    Translate
                                


Chinese
Dutch
English
French
German
Greek
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish
Vietnamese
Tagalog
Khmer
Farsi
Hindi
Punjabi







STAFF ROOM







Navigation











Search

Submit




AP StatisticsSyllabusAssignment CalendarMain Page Content Begins Here






SITE SEARCH



Search Site
Submit




Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram

















                                    AP Statistics
                                

                                    A California Distinguished School
                                









                                            5301 Victory Ln.
                                        

                                            Rocklin, CA 95765
                                        








                                        Phone:
                                        (916) 632-1600
                                    












AP StatisticsSyllabusAssignment CalendarMain Page Content Begins Here



















AP Statistics  Syllabus








QUICK LINKS & RESOURCES






Students







Staff Directory








Calendar




















AP STATISTICS Email: mtrejo@rocklinusd.org
2013-14 Phone: 632-1600 x 6086
Mike Trejo Prep: periods 3and 8


AP STATISTICS: This course is designed to teach the equivalent of a college level statistics class over a full year. The topics for AP Statistics are divided into four major themes: exploratory analysis, planning a study, probability, and statistical inference. The curriculum and rigor of the class will be designed to prepare students for success on the AP test.  The essential skills that will be covered in this course are:


-Displaying and Describing Data   -Binomial and Geometric Distributions
-Measures of Center and Spread        - Sampling Distributions (Proportions and Means)
-Standard Normal Calculations                 - Confidence Intervals
-Least-Squares Regression - Significance Tests (z and t tests)
-Experiments and Studies - Chi-Square Distributions
-Probability - Linear Regression Slope t-tests
-Random Variables


GRADING SYSTEM:  Students grades will determined as follows
o Essential Skills (30%)
o Tests (35%)  
o Quizzes (15%)
o Special Problems (10%)
o Homework/Class work (10%)  


In order to receive a passing grade in AP Statistics, students will need to earn at least a 70% and show mastery on all essential concepts (State Standards). Failure to show mastery on all concepts will result in a final grade of NC. Students will have multiple opportunities to achieve mastery on the essential skills throughout each semester.


MATERIALS:  Students will need a TI-83 or 84 for the AP test and throughout the course.  The students will be able to borrow a calculator during class, but it will be very difficult to complete homework or other projects without a calculator.  In addition, students will need a three-ring binder, composition notebook and graph paper.   Students will also need to pay the AP test fee of $89 by February 1st.  All students in AP classes are highly encouraged to take the AP test. 


OTHER INFORMATION: Statistics is unlike other mathematics offered at Rocklin High School.  Students will be required to completely explain their answers in addition to computations.  The ability to write and communicate statistics effectively is a major component of the AP test and students will be required to demonstrate this ability in this class.  Extra help is available before school, after school on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and other times by appointment.  Parent/ Teacher Communication can be made through email or voicemail.  Email is the preferred method and response time is usually quicker than through a voicemail message.   I am looking forward to a great year and if you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact me.






AP StatisticsSyllabusAssignment Calendar










Syllabus

























                        We're Social! Connect with Us.
                    

Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter

















                            Rocklin High School
                        

                            A California Distinguished School
                        


Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram







                                    5301 Victory Ln.
                                

                                    Rocklin, CA 95765
                                







                                        (916) 632-1600
                                    






                                    (916) 632-0305 (fax)




Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram



QUICK LINKS











Non-Discrimination Policy



Reset Contrast
High Contrast


A-Z Site Map





                            Copyright © 2018
                            Rocklin High School and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Website Developed By CatapultCMS® & EMS®
|
Log In























