Physical Education
RHS PE Gradiing Information
Flex Period PE Make-Ups
PE1
PE Electives
Medical Questions
FAQ's
RHS Fitness For Life
PE CLOTHES
PE CLOTHES
PE Clothes are always on sale
T-shirt (gray) $15
Shorts (royal blue)  $15
Payment collected at Student Store
Bring receipt to PE Dept to pick  up PE Clothes
PE 1 students working on their Ballet Routines
Rainy Day T25 Cardio Session
Freshman swimming breast stroke in PE 1
Healthy for life!
Welcome to RHS PHYSICAL EDUCATION
Welcome to RHS PHYSICAL EDUCATION
It is the goal of the Physical Education department to provide students with opportunities to develop an optimal level of physical fitness through the use of psychomotor development activities, cardiovascular endurance/flexibility/strength training, and wellness education.  Health related activities are integral part of the program at all levels.
The emphasis in activities is to provide an awareness of the importance of daily exercise, social skills, sportsmanship, and the enjoyment of physical activity throughout a lifetime.
Health related fitness tests are administered each quarter to all students in order to better assess student progress.
Graduation Requirements
Rocklin High School has a 3 year Physical Education requirement.
Course Offerings
PE 1
A state mandated course for Freshman that includes the following components:
Mental health and wellness training/activities
Daily, vigorous exercise with a goal of improving overall personal fitness
activites include flexibility, cardio training, core exercise and muscle strength/endurance
Units:
Volleyball
Swim
Pickleball
Dance/Tumbling
Fitness Lab
Self Defense
PE Electives
Team Sports
Lifetime Sports
Athletic Weights Womens/Mens
Aerobic Walking and Conditioning
General Weights
Rockfit
Physical Wellness
Contacting your teacher:
Contacting your teacher:
If a student or parent has a question or concern please use the RHS Communication Protocol is as follows:
Student → Teacher (Either face to face or email where student contacts teacher)
Student → Counselor (Counselor contacts teacher)
Student/Parent → Teacher, Counselor (Plan next steps if any)
Student/Parent → Assistant Principal, Counselor
Student/Parent → Principal
Emailing a teacher:
Please include STUDENT NAME and CLASS PERIOD
Teacher Contact Information:
The best way to contact your P.E. teacher is via email
FLast@rocklinusd.org
Mr. Dave Muscarella  (Co-Dept. Chair)                  Mr. Grant Depue  (Co-Dept Chair)                Mr. Tim Kenney
Mr. Steve Taylor                                                      Mr. Jason Adams
Ms. Debi DeVinna
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter