










FAQ's








































skip to main content










District






                                    Schools
                                


Antelope Creek Elementary School
Breen Elementary School
Cobblestone Elementary
Parker Whitney Elementary School
Quarry Trail Elementary School
Rock Creek Elementary School
Rocklin Elementary School
Ruhkala Elementary
Sierra Elementary School
Sunset Ranch Elementary
Twin Oaks Elementary
Valley View Elementary
Granite Oaks Middle School
Spring View Middle School
Rocklin High School
Whitney High School
Rocklin Alternative Education Center
Rocklin Virtual Campus
Victory High School










                                    Translate
                                


Chinese
Dutch
English
French
German
Greek
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish
Vietnamese
Tagalog
Khmer
Farsi
Hindi
Punjabi







STAFF ROOM







Navigation











Search

Submit




Physical EducationRHS PE Gradiing InformationFlex Period PE Make-UpsPE1Fitness LabDance/TumblingBallet SkillsSwimmingVolleyballVolleyball NotesPE ElectivesPE Permission SlipMedical QuestionsLetter to ParentsModified Physical Education FormSample Note for P.E.FAQ'sRHS Fitness For LifeMain Page Content Begins Here






SITE SEARCH



Search Site
Submit




Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram

















                                    PE
                                

                                    A California Distinguished School
                                









                                            5301 Victory Ln.
                                        

                                            Rocklin, CA 95765
                                        








                                        Phone:
                                        (916) 632-1600
                                    












Physical EducationRHS PE Gradiing InformationFlex Period PE Make-UpsPE1Fitness LabDance/TumblingBallet SkillsSwimmingVolleyballVolleyball NotesPE ElectivesPE Permission SlipMedical QuestionsLetter to ParentsModified Physical Education FormSample Note for P.E.FAQ'sRHS Fitness For LifeMain Page Content Begins Here



















Physical Education  FAQ's








QUICK LINKS & RESOURCES






Students







Staff Directory








Calendar



















Physical EducationRHS PE Gradiing InformationFlex Period PE Make-UpsPE1PE ElectivesMedical QuestionsFAQ'sRHS Fitness For Life















FAQ's






 
1. Writing a note:  If your student needs to be excused for PE please send a note on the day you would like them excused.  Our goal is to keep students engaged whenever possible/appropriate. Please include specific information so that whenever possible we can MODIFY activity to keep your student involved. Notes should include students first and last name, date, and reason along with a parent signature and contact information. If the student is unable to earn participation points, by completeing the daily activites, they will be encouraged to attend and participation in Flex time to earn missed points.  
          SAMPLE NOTE 
2.  When my student brings a note to be excused from PE does he/she still need to dress out?  YES! Students not participating in P.E. due to parent note are REQUIRED to dress in P.E. uniform (unless physically unable to)  and participate in a modified activity (when appropriate). If they are unable to participate in the activities they may earn their points when they are heathly enought to do so during Plus Period   (See Flex Period PE Make-Ups)
 
3.  Does my student "lose points" if they have a doctor's note.  Students who are not able to participate will not earn daily participation points.  IF activities can be modified appropriately and safely with direction from the Physician, students may be able to earn partial to full credit.  Student missing participation have the opportunity to earn any points missed during Flex Period (see Flex Period PE Make-Ups)  
 
3.  Are black shirt/shorts okay ? NO: PE Shorts must be Royal Blue, shirts must be Gray
4. Are "soffe" shorts okay?  NO:  RHS PE requires that students wear shorts of appropriate length- think basketball or soccer style shorts.  "Short" shorts are not appropriate.
 
5. What about sweatshirts or pants?  Students may wear them IF they are blue/gray.
  
6.  If my student loses points can they earn them back?  YES! Students may earn back points lost due to lack of participation, fitness, non-suits, absences, etc… by participating in correctives offered during any Flex period. 
7. Will my student lose points when they are absent?  Yes- Physical Education is rooted in participation.  Students who are absent will be encouraged to attend correctives during Flex time.  Any assessments/written assignments missed will also need to be made up.
 
8.  Will my student athlete lose points when they miss class due to RHS Athletic event?  Maybe.  Athletes MUST communicate AHEAD of time (preferably one class period before absence) and will be held accountable for any assignment/test they miss- they will not need to make-up "participation" .
 
9. … Any health issues that may affect the student’s participation in P.E. activities needs to be documented by a Physician and on file with both the School Health Office and the P.E. Teacher before activity begins.(i.e. asthma, OSD, scoliosis, IBS, …)  Forms are available on the "Medical Questions" page of our website.
10. If I have filed a medical form with the main office, why do I have to do another one for the PE Department?  Two reasons; first- it can take some time for information to filter to us from the main office due to the volume of information they are dealing with.  Second, it helps us work with students and safely modify activity while holding them accountable for activities they should be doing/medications they should be using/etc and holding them out of activities they should not be participating in.
 
 11.  Do students exercise outside when the air quality is bad? RHS PE staff monitors the AQI http://sparetheair.com/aqirealtime.cfm and will modify curriculum according to district policy  Some classes are affected more than others depending on time of day and activity.  12.  Do students exercise outside in escessive heat? RHS PE staff monitors the outside temperature and will modify curriculum according to district policy  Some classes are affected more than others depending on time of day and activity. 
Don't see your question here?  Please contact Dave Muscarella dmuscarella@rocklinusd.org  or your teacher to get those questions answered.
                                                                                                                                         dd/8-23

























                        We're Social! Connect with Us.
                    

Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter

















                            Rocklin High School
                        

                            A California Distinguished School
                        


Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram







                                    5301 Victory Ln.
                                

                                    Rocklin, CA 95765
                                







                                        (916) 632-1600
                                    






                                    (916) 632-0305 (fax)




Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram



QUICK LINKS











Non-Discrimination Policy



Reset Contrast
High Contrast


A-Z Site Map





                            Copyright © 2018
                            Rocklin High School and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Website Developed By CatapultCMS® & EMS®
|
Log In























