Course Syllabus
Integrated II
Diane Cameron
dcameron@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Office Hours: 7:15 am to 7:40 am
Tara McCullough
tmccullough@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Office Hours: 7:15 am to 7:40 am
Emily Mitchell
emitchell@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Office Hours: 7:15 am to 7:40 am
Michael Pappas
mpappas@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Office Hours: 7:15 am to 7:40 am
Course Description: Core Connections Integrated II is the curriculum used in this course.  Integrated II is the second year of a three-year course progression in which students will discover concepts of algebra, geometry, and statistics with an overall theme of problem solving.
Course Objectives:
The essential skills and concepts that will be covered in Integrated II include:
Angle Pair Relationships
Quadrilaterals
Similarity - including similar figures and flow-chart proofs
Probability: trees, area, expected value, and basic problems
Factoring
Trigonometry
Solving Quadratic Equations - completing the square, quadratic formula, zero product property
Parabolas - sketching: intercepts, vertex
Right Triangles - special right triangles, pythagorean theorem
Exponents and Radicals
Proof - Quadrilaterals
Conditional Probability
Circles: area, circumference, arc/sector, equations, angles, tangents, chords
Algebraic Transformations: absolute value, quadratics
Functions: inverses, combinations
Volume and Surface Area
R: R2:R3
Grading Policy
Classwork and homework will be given every class period with few exceptions.  In order to receive a passing grade, every student must earn at least a 70% overall in the class and demonstrate mastery on all the essential skills and concepts.  Students’ grades will be determined as follows:
Integrated II grade will consist of the following:
Tests -  35%
Essential skills - 35%
Quizzes/Investigations - 20%
Homework - 10%
Materials
It is suggested that each student has a composition notebook which will be designated just for Integrated II  and a scientific calculator, such as a TI-30X IIS.  Graphing calculators are acceptable although not necessary.  Other suggested materials include: college ruled three-hole paper, graph paper, a ruler, and pencils.
Please verify that you have read and understand this syllabus on Schoology.
Geometry
Syllabus
Syllabus
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter