










Syllabus




































skip to main content










District






                                    Schools
                                


Antelope Creek Elementary School
Breen Elementary School
Cobblestone Elementary
Parker Whitney Elementary School
Quarry Trail Elementary School
Rock Creek Elementary School
Rocklin Elementary School
Ruhkala Elementary
Sierra Elementary School
Sunset Ranch Elementary
Twin Oaks Elementary
Valley View Elementary
Granite Oaks Middle School
Spring View Middle School
Rocklin High School
Whitney High School
Rocklin Alternative Education Center
Rocklin Virtual Campus
Victory High School










                                    Translate
                                


Chinese
Dutch
English
French
German
Greek
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish
Vietnamese
Tagalog
Khmer
Farsi
Hindi
Punjabi







STAFF ROOM







Navigation











Search

Submit




English Language DevelopmentSyllabusMain Page Content Begins Here






SITE SEARCH



Search Site
Submit




Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram

















                                    ELD
                                

                                    A California Distinguished School
                                









                                            5301 Victory Ln.
                                        

                                            Rocklin, CA 95765
                                        








                                        Phone:
                                        (916) 632-1600
                                    












English Language DevelopmentSyllabusMain Page Content Begins Here



















English Language Development  Syllabus








QUICK LINKS & RESOURCES






Students







Staff Directory








Calendar

















Syllabus 2013-2014Syllabus 2013-2014


Course Syllabus
Rocklin High School English Language Development 2013-2014


Contact Information
Teachers: Adrienne Tacla and Laura Sellers
Instructional Aide: Marilyn Brown
E-mail:atacla@rocklin.k12.ca.us lsellers@rocklin.k12.ca.us mabrown@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Office hours: Teachers are available to students as needed


Course Description: English Language Development is a year-long course designed to aid students in learning to improve their listening, speaking, reading, and writing in English, according to the California ELD Standards. Students participate in listening, speaking, reading, and writing activities. Class work will consist of ELD textbook lessons, grammar exercises, reading for vocabulary acquisition and other projects to increase English comprehension.


Course Textbook:  Edge by Hampton Brown


Course Outcomes: The essential skills and concepts that will be covered in this course are those stated in the California ELD standards. 


Course Expectations: 


Students will be expected to:


1 FULLY participate in class work and class activities. Failure to do so will result in a loss of points.
2 MAINTAIN regular attendance at school. Your presence and participation in class will help you succeed in this class as well as your other classes.
3 COME to class with a positive attitude and a willingness to improve their English skills!


Class Policies and Procedures
Class Rules: 


1. Show respect.
2. Make good decisions.
3. Solve your problem.




Classroom Procedures: 
• Daily Agenda: The daily agenda will be posted on the board each day. I will write other information such as announcements, reminders, and due dates.
• Accelerated Reader: Students must be prepared daily with reading material for AR. If not, a loss of points will occur.  They will be assigned a subjective amount of points each quarter that they will need to achieve.
• Interactive Journal: Students will have a notebook with lined paper that will serve as their journal. They must bring this with them to class each day.
• Binder Check: This will occur frequently. I will check to see if the student’s binder(s) is being kept in an orderly manner, with all necessary supplies.


Materials: Students are expected to bring the following to class every day: 
1 A three-ring binder ORGANIZED with dividers and class information.
2 The RHS planner
3 Pens, pencils, colored pencils, highlighters
4 Any homework or assignments
      5    Journal/Binder paper


Assignment Policy: All assignments are due at the beginning of class unless I have instructed you otherwise.
Late Work: Late assignments receive no higher than a 70%. If you are absent when the assignment is due, you are expected to turn it in when you return to class, or you can email it to me at lsellers@rocklin.k12.ca.us  OR atacla@rocklin.k12.ca.us




Assignments will be weighted by the following criteria:


Daily Work and Exit Tickets       40%
Quizzes, Tests, and Projects      40%
Accelerated Reader   10%
Oral Participation      10%   


Grading Scale:


90-100% A
80-89 B
70-79 C
69 Or below  NC (no credit)


Check your grades: You can always check your current grade online at: 
                                    http://www.edline.net




                            
Please review this information with your parent or guardian. Please complete the information below and return it to your ELD teacher. This information is worth 10 points.







English Language DevelopmentSyllabus










Syllabus

























                        We're Social! Connect with Us.
                    

Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Twitter
Twitter

















                            Rocklin High School
                        

                            A California Distinguished School
                        


Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram







                                    5301 Victory Ln.
                                

                                    Rocklin, CA 95765
                                







                                        (916) 632-1600
                                    






                                    (916) 632-0305 (fax)




Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram



QUICK LINKS











Non-Discrimination Policy



Reset Contrast
High Contrast


A-Z Site Map





                            Copyright © 2018
                            Rocklin High School and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Website Developed By CatapultCMS® & EMS®
|
Log In























