Facebook
We're Social! Connect with Us.
Twitter
Youtube
Teacher Sites
Instagram
A-Z
Physical Education
Career Technical Education is a program of study that involves a multi-year sequence of courses that integrates core academic knowledge with technical and occupational knowledge to provide students with a pathway to post-secondary education and careers.
rodonnell@rocklinusd.org
A Pathway is your educational road map guiding you to the high school courses and post-secondary options most relevant to your chosen career destination.
rparratto@rocklinusd.org
Josh Rubinstein
wghyselinck@rocklinusd.org
Science
A Pathway will connect your career interests from high school to college and/or career.
Academics
WHAT IS A CAREER PATHWAY?
Shawn Hewson
Link
Career Technical Education
ROCKLIN HIGH CTE PATHWAYS
Email
Ryan O'Donnell
Rocklin High's CTE Teachers are committed to developing 21st century leaders who demonstrate integrity, honor, and compassion as they gain the academic and technological skills needed to achieve excellence in college and career
California Dept of Ed - CTE
Social Science
pwerner@rocklinusd.org
CTE Online
Pathway
Course website
Sports Medicine
Useful Links:
Video Production
jrubinstein@rocklinusd.org
A Pathway is a sequence of courses within your area of interest.
Visual and Performing Arts
Business and Finance
Yearbook, Journalism,
Robyn Parratto
Here are the following pathways available at RHS.
shewson@rocklinusd.org
Computer Science
Special Education
ABOUT CTE
Wendy Ghyselinck
Mathematics
Staff Directory
twalter@rocklinusd.org
Teacher
Photo Journalism
Engineering
A Pathway will help you acquire the depth of knowledge and skill linked with specific post-secondary programs that will lead to a certificate or degree and/or career.
Early Childhood Education
Photography
While in high school, students have the opportunity to acquire technical skills training in the career they may be interested in by focusing on any of our career pathways here at RHS.  Students will learn valuable technical skills and soft skills making them on their way to be career ready .
Torrey Walter
Language Arts
World Languages
Paul Werner
SDAIE Language Arts:
course website
Contact
atacla@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Teaching
Adrienne Tacla
Language Arts 3:
ELD:
:
Class of 2016 Advisor
Started at Rocklin High
LA/Com IV:
Link Coordinator
Quote
Angela Parker
"The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows."
LA/Com III:
Extra-Curricular
2004
Business Communications: course website
aparker@rocklin.k12.ca.us
~ Sydney J. Harris
Boys Varsity Water Polo coach
Chico State
2013
akenitzer@rocklinusd.org
Education
World History
April Kenitzer
Started at Rocklin
AP World History:
Course Website
wkimmel@rocklinusd.org
Biology:
University of the Pacific
1995
Bill Kimmel
Marine Biology:
AP Environmental Science:
Sierra Nevada College
Calvin and Hobbes
Key Club
"Why waste time learning, when ignorance is instantaneous?"
Archery Club
bcarlson@rocklinusd.org
Extra Curricular:
"We're gonna need a bigger boat."
Martin Brody (Jaws)
1993
French 1:
Spanish 1:
BYU
Spanish 3
Brent Carlson
German Club Advisor
cknorzer@rocklinusd.org
Art 1
Cross Country Coach
Sacramento State University
Tim Duncan
Advanced Ceramics & Sculpture:
Chico State University
Ceramics & Sculpture 1-4:
"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best."
Chris Knorzer
Track and Field Coach
Free speech means the right to shout "theatre" in a crowded fire.
Theater 1, 2, 3, 4:
Drama Club advisor
website
Cinny Toepke
Technincal Theater 1:
ctoepke@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Director of Fall Play, Winter Musical, and Spring Play
~ Abbie Hoffman
Drama Club:
AP Government
Political Youth League
Mom Club
"
National Honor Society
Thomas Jefferson Declaration of Independence
Government
Entrance to Supreme Court Building, Washington, D.C.
.Nor shall any state shall deprive any person of life, liberty or property without due process of law nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
ccrowe@rocklinusd.org
Education:
Economics
U.S. Constitution, Amendment 14
Equal justice under law
"..
Colleen Crowe
1996
Model United Nations
Do. Or do not. There is not try.
Pre-Calculus/Trigonometry Honors:
Craig Waechtler
Sacramento State.
Academic Advisor for Football
cwaechtler@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Integrated I, Math Lab, Advanced Algebra II
~ Yoda
Geography
"To know someone, you must know their history."
Dale Eckenburg
Government and Economics
1998
Cal Poly San Luis Obispo
deckenburg@rocklinusd.org
Advanced Geography
George Santayana
Boys and Girls Tennis Coach
UC Davis
Language Arts Lab: course website
Cross Country
Language Arts 1:
~Thoreau
1999
dpereira@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Dan Pereira
The self-reliant individual should be able to live in the world and improve it, not just be another product of it
dmuscarella@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Chico
Work hard, all the time.
Dave Muscarella
PE:
Girls Volleyball coach
Cheerleading Advisor
Team Sports
Athletic Trainer (all sports)
Stunt Advisor
ddevinna@rocklinusd.org
"Work smarter not harder!"
Long Beach State
Debi DeVinna
Integrated Math 2:
dcameron@rocklinusd.org
Soccer
Diane Cameron
Integrated Math 3
2000
Emily Mitchell
Geometry:
Math Analysis:
2003
emitchell@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Statistics:
DARE to be different Club
Eric Sturgeon
Health:
esturgeon@rocklin.k12.ca.us
AP Psychology:
Coding Club
AP Physics 1 & 2
gclarion@rocklinusd.org
AP Physics C: Electricity and Magnetism
AP Physics C: Mechanics
AP Computer Science Principles
Sacramento State
AP Computer Science A
Frosh Girls Soccer, The Storm
Cal Poly
Science Olympiad
Albert Einstein
Alex's Lemonade Club
Geoffrey Clarion
"Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love."
University of Pacific
Aerobic Walking
gdepue@rocklinusd.org
Life Sports
P.E. 1:
: 2004
JV Girls Soccer
Extra Curricular
Girls Athletic Weights
Grant Depue
Varsity Football Head Coach
P.E 2
US History:
P.E Leadership
Greg Benzel
gbenzel@rocklinusd.org
Book Club/Creative Writing
Holly Repanich
LA 1:
hrepanich@rocklin.k12.ca.us
LA 2:
San Diego State University
James Grace
Jerica Siska
Robyn Paterson
Michael Cahill
John Kirk
Tom Douglass
Maria DeMeyer
Michelle Fitzpatrick
Steve Taylor
Valerie Kramer
Nicholas Holsopple
Michael Trejo
Kristy Ramos
Matt Bumgardner
Rachelle Sloan
Faculty and Staff
Sarah Gillette
Stephanie Arino
Michael Wagner
Michael Knight
Laura Douglas
Teri Ellenburg
Tim Kenney
Kristin Hamm
Mary Jimenez
Paul Morrison
Kathy Patterson
Michelle DeMaria
Shawn Spiess
John Thompson
Jason Adams
Tim Hurrianko
Matt Eckman
Tara McCullough
Mark Hardy
Sarah Blankenship
Jennifer Kaiser
Ryan Spears
Jaimie Tippets
Jeff James
Pilar Padilla
Shannon Isenhower
Scott Bergemann
Teaching:  Integrated Math 1
Started at RHS: 2016
Integrated Math 2
Contact:   jtippets@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Speech and Debate
LA/Com I:
jgrace@rocklinusd.org
Speech and Debate Club Advisor
After a day spent staring at a computer monitor, think of (a) book as a kind of screen saver for your brain
."
Started at Rocklin:
Joseph Campbell
AP Language and Composition
Weights
Varsity Football
2002
jadams@rocklinusd.org
LA/Com 4:
jjames@rocklinusd.org
Confucius
AP Literature
"Study without reflection is a waste of time; reflection without study is dangerous."
Study Skills
Basic Language Arts 1
Basic Language Arts 3
jkaiser@rocklinusd.org
Basic Language Arts 2
“Do unto others as you would have them do unto you” - Jesus Christ
“I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.” -
Started at Rocklin High:
1997
Language Arts I:
jsiska@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Maya Angelou
Language Arts II:
Integrated Math 1
JV Football coach
Sac State
jkirk@rocklinusd.org
Math Lab
jthompson@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Activities Director
Activities:
Water Polo & Swimming coach
Human Body Systems
2012
Principles of Biomed
khamm@rocklinusd.org
UCSD
Spanish 2 Advanced:
kramos@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Multicultural
For I know the plans I have for you, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future"
History
World History SDAIE
Geography SDAIE
ldouglas@rocklinusd.org
Class of 2018 Advisor
World
Jeremiah 29:11
Fiesta Club Advisor
Padre Pio
Spanish 1
Pray, hope and don't worry.
2008
Spanis
h 3 Honors
mdemeyer@rocklinusd.org
1994
UCLA
One Club
mhardy@rocklinusd.org
Jesus Christ
Psychology
AP Microeconomics:
I AM the resurrection and the life.  He who believes in Me will live even if he dies
Spanish 2
Spanish 4:
: 2012
mjimenez@rocklinusd.org
UC Santa Cruz
Chess Olympiad Advisor
2001
"It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat."
Math Lab SDAIE
Integrated Math 1 SDAIE:
mbumgardner@rocklinusd.org
Theodore Roosevelt
Varsity Assistant Football Coach
Head Track and Field Coach
meckman@rocklinusd.org
Human Anatomy & Physiology:
mcahill@rocklinusd.org
Language Arts 3
2016
Language Arts 2
Academic Decathlon
"I Shall Return"
Basic Science
Basic Social Studies
Douglas MacArthur
2005
mknight@rocklinusd.org
?
mtrejo@rocklin.k12.ca.us
AP Statistics:
Honors Pre-Calculus:
San Jose State University
JV Girls Golf
mwagner@rocklin.k12.ca.us
"The key to happiness is:  making yourself do the things you don't want to do, when you don't want to do them."
Catholic Social Justice Club Advisor
Biology Olympiad Club Advisor
Chemistry Olympiad Club Advisor
AP Biology
mdemaria@rocklinusd.org
Med Int.
mfitzpatrick@rocklinusd.org
Chemistry
Science Olympiad Club Advisor
SFSU
nholsopple@rocklinusd.org
Physics:
Girls Soccer
pmorrison@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Chemistry:
California Scholarship Federation
pwerner@rocklin.k12.ca.us
2009
AP Chemistry:
AP Literature:
"What would Atticus do?"
Poetry Club
Interact Club
Advanced Frashmen Language Arts:
Santa Cruz
~ Anonymous
ppadilla@rocklin.k12.ca.us
GSA Club
Senior English:
Teaching:  Study Skills
Contact:  rsloan@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Language Arts 2:
rpaterson@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Board Game Club, Athletic Director
World History:
rspears@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Class of 2019 Advisor
Theater Dance 1:
sblankenship@rocklinusd.org
Hip Hop Club Advisor
Theater Dance 2 Partners
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge
Bertrand Russell
AP U.S. History
@miss_kenyon
Twitter:
sgillette@rocklinusd.org
Frosh Cheer
U.S. History:
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new
Boys Water Polo & Swim Coach
Andre Gide
;
:  sbergemann@rocklinusd.org
Language Arts 1
"Believe those who are seeking truth. Doubt those who find it."
California Lutheran University
Started at RHS:  2016
sspiess@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Choir:
Cloud Collective Club Advisor
ROAR Club Advisor
French 4H
""The woods are lovely, dark and deep.  But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep"
French Club Advisor
sarino@rocklinusd.org
French 3 and 3H
French 1
1992
Robert Frost
French 2
~Coach K
staylor@rocklin.k12.ca.us
"Hard Work is Fun"
AP Calculus AB and BC:
tmccullough@rocklinusd.org
"You can do more good by being good than any other way."
"Life isn't fair, win anyway."
UC Santa Barbara
Math League
University of New Hampshire
John Wooden
Brigham Young University
Sole Hope Club Advisor
"That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do, not that the nature of the thing has changed but that our power to do has increased."
Integrated 3
Integrated 1:
tellenburg@rocklinusd.org
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Fresno State
thurrianko@rocklinusd.org
Adv. Language Arts 2:
Boys Golf
:  tkenney@rocklinusd.org
US History
Jazz Band
Band Club Advisor
String Orchestra
Symphony Band
AP Music
Teaching:
Concert Band
tdouglass@rocklinusd.org
Guitar Lab
“Life has no meaning. Each of us has meaning and we bring it to life. It is a waste to be asking the question when you are the answer.”
Acoustic Jam Group
vkramer@rocklinusd.org
2007
San Jose State Univesity
Please use the navigation to view the desired page.
Reading
LA I
LA III
The English Department is committed to giving students a
semester until graduation. A total of 40 credits earned
LA IV
TEACHERS
strong background in all language arts skills:
All classes meet the
Listening and speaking strategies
LA II Advanced
RHS Language Arts Classes:
Advanced PLacement English
Standards for California Public Schools
LA I Advanced
California English-Language Content
LA II
are required for graduation.
for Grades 9-12.
LA III Honors
Students must be enrolled in an English class every
Written and oral English language conventions
All students are required to take three years of mathematics at Rocklin High School. It is highly recommended that any University-bound student complete four years of mathematics.
DE Accounting
Integrated Math II/III
AP Calculus AB
Freshmen start their mathematics sequence with Integrated Math 1 or 2.
Eng. Supp. Tech. III
Pre-Calc H
The Mathematics Department provides in-depth study of mathematics with a focus both on content standards and the standards of mathematical practice. Coursework prepares students for college studies, as well as fulfilling high school requirements in mathematics.
Preparatory for four-year  College or University
Integrated Math II
Teachers
Preparatory for Community College or Vocational Program
AP Statistics
California Mathematics Content Standards for California Public Schools for Grades 9-12
AP Statistics                                                                      QRAT
Course list
Int. Math 2/3  Pre-Calc H    AP Calc AB                                                   QRAT           AP Calc BC
Int. Math 1           Int. Math 2            Int. Math 3           QRAT                        AP Comp. Science A
Mathematics Scope & Sequence
Integrated Math I
9th Grade   10th Grade   11th Grade   12th Grade  OR  9th Grade   10th Grade   11th Grade   12th Grade
Math Analysis
Honors Pre-Calc/Trig
Personal Business/Finance
AP Calc BC                                                                       AP Statistics
Integrated Math III
Int. Math 1   Int. Math 2     Int. Math 3     Pre-Calc H          Int. Math 2   Int. Math 3     Pre-Calc H   AP Calc AB
AP Calculus BC
9th Grade           10th Grade          11th Grade          12th Grade               Alt. 11th/12th Grade
Personal Finance

All students are required to take
AP Physics C
9th Grade
Medical Interventions
ROP Sports Medicine
Physics I/Honors
Chemistry/Honors
one year of Physical Science, one year of Life Science and one semester
those interested in pursuing a higher degree in science or engineering, a
of Health. It is highly recommended that any University-bound student
AP Chemistry
Physics
principles, employing appropriate technology and hands-on laboratory
The Science Department provides in-depth study of scientific
complete three years of science: Biology, Chemistry and Physics. For
California Science Content Standards for California Public Schools
AP Physics B
AP Physics
Physical Science and Health.
fourth year of science is recommended.
10th Grade
AP Environ. Science
Anatomy/Physiology
experiences at every level. Coursework prepares students for college
studies, as well as fulfilling high school requirements in Life Science,
Geology
ROP Int. Animal Sci.
Classes Offered
12th Grade
Physics I
11th Grade
Biology/Adv.
Marine Biology
Biomedical science
AP Economics
Classes
The Social Science Department offers courses on world history, culture and geography; U.S. history and geography; principles of American democracy; and economics.
AP Psychology
All classes meet the California
AP World History
Positive Psychology
History-Social Science Content Standards for California Public Schools
U.S. History
Students in grades 9 or 10 study major turning points that shaped the modern world, from the late eighteenth century through the present.
During the first semester of grade 12, students pursue a deeper understanding of U.S. national, state and local government. In the second semester, they study the basic principles of economics.
After a review of the nation's beginnings, students in grade 11 study the development of U.S. democratic ideals and the major turning points in American history in the 20th century.
World Geography
Special Day Classes (SDC)are for students with more intensive educational needs, when education in regular classes with the use of supplementary aides and services cannot be achieved satisfactorily. Typically 50% or more of the student's day is spent in Special Day Classes.
RSP
The Special Education program at Rocklin High School includes the Resource Specialist Program, Special Day Classes, Independent Living Skills classes, and a Severely Multiply Disabled program.
Independent Living Skills classes (ILS) are designed for students with significant developmental delays. The classes focus on skills required to help students function as independently as possible in everyday life situations and prepare for post-secondary transition.
SMD
The Severely Multiply Disabled (SMD) program serves students with severe multiple disabilities and focuses on communication and self-help skills.
California Department of Education Special Education Division www.cde.ca.gov/spbranch/sed/
ILS
County Office of Education Special Education Department
SDC
Eligibility for Special Education classes is determined by the Individualized Education Program (IEP) team.
School District Special Education Services
The Resource Specialist Program (RSP) is for students whose abilities are in the low average, average, and above average ranges who have discrepancies between ability and academic levels as defined by law. The majority of the student's day is spent in the general education program. The Resource Specialists support students in general education classes through study skills classes.
Useful Special Education Links
Programs
Auna Willert
Dance
Emily Masnica
NAME
Choir
emasnica@rocklinusd.org
AP Studio Art
Theatre
Courses are aligned with the California Content Standards for Visual and Performing Arts and meet the UC/CSU F Requirement for college entrance.
Visual and Performing Arts courses help to shape students’ abilities to observe, create, use imagination, organize thoughts and feelings, and make informed judgments.
Art
Students have the opportunity to participate in beginning to advanced levels, allowing them to explore or specialize in a particular discipline.
Orchestra
sblankenship@rockinusd.org
sspiess@rocklinusd.org
Ceramics and Sculpture
Band
Piano Lab
As students achieve in the arts, they participate in activities that not only feed their minds, but engage their senses.
The Visual and Performing Arts department offers a wide variety of courses in Visual Arts, Dance, Theatre Arts, Vocal and Instrumental Music.
AP Music Theory
jhayman@rocklinud.org
Through the arts students discover the richest benefits of life; creative endeavors that inspire self-expression and discovery, reflection, and intellectual growth.
Jeff Hayman
EMAIL ADDRESS
awillert@rocklinusd.org
We offer the following classes:
wcrawford@rocklinusd.org
Mary Navarrete
World Cultures
mnavarrete@rocklinusd.org
French 1, 2, 3, 3H, DE French
Kathleen Yadon
ASL
Spanish 1, 2, 2 ADV, 3, 3H, 4H and DE Spanish
Wendy Crawford
kyadon@rocklinusd.org
The Foreign Language Department provides a strong and broad curriculum. In the Foreign Language Department we currently offer both Spanish and French. Students need one year of Foreign Language to meet RHS high school graduation requirements. We strongly encourage more than two years to be competitive at the college/university level. Whether students choose to meet graduation requirements, to learn new skills or just to have fun, taking a foreign language offers students a wide variety of opportunities to practice the target language in written, oral, listening, and verbal formats.
Link to Signup Genius for Interviews
Application information for ELECTED positions
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1A0R5hmdg-0SpLzvPA51keu3tD0ioJmPC/view?usp=sharing
Guest Passes
Current 8th Graders
Link to ASB Job Descriptions
Link for Sign Up Genius for Interviews
Link to Instructional Video
If you are currently in middle school and are applying for the Rocklin High School ASB use this information to apply
Communication
Clubs
Link to Online ASB Application
https://www.signupgenius.com/go/508084AA9AA23A7F58-rhsasb2
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oxdHKiGmrb0ZcdoeUk__rGWgbXv2w40ri2JMPmi7JlE/edit?usp=sharing
Dress Codes
Dances
ASB Application Information
This is the place to be if you are interested in running for Student Government next year at good 'ol Rocklin High School:):)  There are different forms and instructions if you are a current RHS student as opposed to an incoming Freshman next year.  Be sure to use the correct info.
Rallies
Information sheet for application process
Forms
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cvtQ48VLrJ_Jibh4NLrMVC2yZDU65BNQ/view
https://www.signupgenius.com/go/9040C4FA4A928A31-rhsasb
If you are currently a student at RHS as a freshman, sophomore or junior use this information to apply
General Information for application process
Activities
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeAUHQ3nCmyU7Pyzps-kWFCJlOB4wLG8PkRFsd7fOJHz3DZwQ/viewform?usp=sf_link
ASB Job Descriptions
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeub9CeKf91d2tWUypozJcrASfYb1iv7J5ZkLoD6moFyRJsnw/viewform?usp=sf_link
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1p_PgTsXnh17dBmts2pgNIpFPKBeD79Dy?usp=sharing
Freak Dance Policy
Senior Information
https://docs.google.com/document/d/15y_MxocHgddjQSPkIpFRHPcOhNYImCyo0YVR9QBLqaQ/edit?usp=sharing
Link to Instructional video
Dates / Cost / Descriptions
Rocklin High school ASB election/appointment information
Faculty
Current RHS Students
Student Forms
Master Club List
For a complete list of current clubs, as well as links to their websites, please click the link below;
If you would like to start a club download the following two documents and follow the instructions.
Get Connected!!!  Join A Club!!!  Start Your Own Club!!!
Club Set Up Instructions
Rocklin High School has a large variety of clubs that cover a broad range of topics.  There are long standing academic clubs such as CSF and French Club as well as social clubs such as Picnic Club and Poetry Club.  If you don't see a club that interests you, than start your own!  The only criteria for starting a club is that you share a similar interest as other people.  We've even had a club in the past titled "The Johnny Depp Appreciation League".  Some clubs have lasted over a decade while others come and go each year.
or
Class of 2023:     @rocklin23
Class of 2025:     @rocklin25
1)  the short code phone number 81010
Class of 2026:     @rocklin26
Would you like to receive informational texts about Student Activities directly to your phone?  Get information on schedule changes, dances, spirit weeks, graduation and much more:):)  You can sign up for grade level specific texts and/or whole school texts.   Simply text the code below to
Class of 2018:     @rocklin18
Texting Groups:
Class of 2021:     @rocklin21
2)  you can use this actual phone number  916-409-3578
Class of 2022:     @rocklin22
d
Class of 2027:     @rocklin27
Class of 2020:     @rocklin20
Class of 2019:     @rocklin19
Class of 2024:     @rocklin24
.
if you're phone provider doesn't support short codes
For info on Remin
click here
Cost through Thursday W/ ASB-$15    W/o ASB-$20
Sadies Dance (casual)  Fri April 5th  7-10 p.m.
Senior Ball (formal)  Sat April 27, 2023 6-10:30 p.m.  Sheraton Grand  1230 J St, Sacramento, CA 95814
Heavenly Winter Semi-Formal (semi-formal) Fri January 26th 7-10 p.m.
As stated in the title, this dance is for the Senior Class only.  The only way to get into the dance is to be a member of the Senior Class or the guest of a member of the Senior Class.  This event is off campus and includes dinner.  There are a tremendous amount of details involved with Sr. Ball.  For a detailed video including all the information you need to know regarding Sr. Ball click on this link:
Cost: W/ ASB-$10    W/o ASB-$12     at the door - $20
Sr. Ball Instructions Video
Blacklight Dance (Casual)   Thurs November 9th  7-10 pm
Back by popular demand!!!  A second semi-formal dance (the first was Homecoming).  A Semi-Formal dance at a casual dance price:):)
Jr. Prom Instructions Video
Welcome Back Dance (casual)  Sat August 19th 7-10 p.m.
Cost on Friday and on Sat -$25 NO ASB Card discount
Celebrate the end of the first week of school with the second largest dance of the year.  The Welcome Back Dance is second only to the Homecoming Dance and is a great casual way to have fun with your friends and see everyone in one place.
As stated in the title, this dance is for the Junior Class only.  The only way to get into the dance is to be a member of the Junior Class or the guest of a member of the Junior Class.  This event is off campus and includes dinner.  There are a tremendous amount of details involved with Jr. Prom.  For a detailed video including all the information you need to know regarding Jr. Prom click on this link:
This is the BIG ONE!!!  The culminating event of Homecoming Week. This is one of only two semi-formals of the year.
The culminating event of Sadies Week (our spring spirit week).  This is a casual dance that will be themed with the spirit week once student government has set that theme.
Junior Prom (formal)  Sat March 9, 2023  6-10p.m.  @the Grounds  700 Event Center Dr, Roseville, CA 95678
Cost: W/ ASB-$10    W/o ASB-$12    at the door-$20
Homecoming (semi-formal)   Sat Oct 7th 7-10 pm
Cost: W/ ASB-$10    W/o ASB-$12     at the door-$20
Wear, white and neon to glow in the blackllight:)
Cost:  W/ ASB-$10    W/o ASB-$12     At Door-$20
No excessive upper thigh
See through material does not count toward "coverage."
Shorts and skirts must be of appropriate length. If they are shorter than mid-thigh, students run the risk of having to change.
​Casual Dance Dress Code
No excessive midriff
No underwear/lingerie showing
Clothing and jewelry shall be free of writing, pictures or any other insignia which are crude, vulgar, profane, or sexually suggestive or which advocate racial, ethnic or religious prejudice or the use of drugs
No excessive cleavage
No cleavage
No spikes
No strapless tops
Semiformal and Formal Dances Dress Code
​
No masks
No refunds will be given. Don’t be the one to cause everyone
plus school discipline and loss of guest pass privileges
AND
First offense:
Contact from your pelvic region to another person’s pelvic region or their buttocks
is considered inappropriate as is dancing with inter-locked legs. Dancers must remain upright – no sexual squatting or sexual bending is allowed. This dance permission form is the only warning that will be given. No further warnings will be given at the dance. Have fun and enjoy yourself without crossing the line.
removal from all dances for
removal from current dance
as well as next dance and loss of guest pass privileges
loss of guest pass privileges
to lose out on their dance.
Individual consequence for freak dancing:
Third offense: lifetime ban from dances
Second offense:
Don’t be responsible for stopping the dance!!!
current AND next semester
If a number of people are violating this policy, the dance will be stopped and a group warning will be given.
***Remember RHS students are responsible for the behavior and demeanor of their guest, your student host will receive consequences for your misbehavior
No Freaking
If freaking continues the dance will end for the evening
Guest Pass Requests
All of our dances are primarily for RHS students. If you would like to bring a guest from another high school, an RHS Guest Pass Request must be completed.  Each student is allowed to bring only one guest to each dance.  Guests should be regularly attending students at another high school.  The RHS student must arrive with their guest and accompany their guest at the dance until they depart together.
dances, guests who graduated from Rocklin High School the previous year, with an approved guest pass, will be allowed to attend.  Semiformal Guest Pass Request forms will have special information for these guests to complete.
For
dance events, passes for students NOT currently attending high school will be considered by the school administration on an individual basis.  Guest age limit is 20 years old.  Guests are required to show a current, valid picture ID in order to be admitted to the event.
Any disciplinary problems caused by a guest will result in termination of all future guest privileges for that guest.  Depending on the details of the situation, the behavior can have an impact on the host student as well.
semiformal
for casual and semiformal dances are available from the Assistant Principal’s office approximately two weeks prior to the date of the dance. The RHS student is required to return the Guest Pass Request to the AP Office with completed guest information, plus the signature and business card from the guest’s high school administration.  Requests are due by 3:00 pm the Wednesday prior to the date of the dance.  It is the responsibility of the RHS student to get the guest pass completed and returned to the AP office by the deadline. RHS students requesting a guest pass must have all discipline issues/detention served before their guest pass will be approved.
formal
Rocklin High School dances are a fun safe way to spend an evening with your friends!!  We have three different types of dances:  casual, semi-formal and formal.  All the information you need to know to make a life long memory with your friends is on the separate pages.  Don't miss out!!!!
Purchase Requisition - Blank
Purchase Requisition - Fillable PDF
ASB Finance Manual
Fundraising Calendar
ASB Finance Training Video
Purchase Requisitions Information  - NTE / Open
Check Deposit
W-9 - Blank
STUDENT FORMS
Welcome! Please use sub tabs below to access forms for all things Activities! The student folder will contain information for  Clubs, Dances, Senior Activities, and more. The Faculty folder will contain forms needed for Coaches/Club Advisors.
FACULTY FORMS
A
S
Make no mistake.... Rocklin High School,
, is an academic institution (The #1 academic institution in Placer County)..... But, if you spend four years here and only gain intellectual knowledge you have missed out on a very special part of the high school experience.  Academics should definitely be your top priority but be sure you get the full Rocklin High School experience by participating in student activities such as dances, rallies, clubs etc.  This site will help guide you to those life long memory making experiences!!
B
ssociated
ody
tudent
first and foremost
Welcome to the wonderful world of Student Activities!!!
Welcome Back
Homecoming
Runaway
Sadies
Rallies are a fun experience offered at Rocklin High School. They happen at the end of the school day. Rallies are free and it is encouraged to attend. Rallies generally correspond to a dance. Rallies this year include:
Senior
Interested in partnering with Rocklin High? Want to be a Thunder Athletics supporter? Want to advertise your business? Click the link below to find out about our Advertising & Sponsorship opportunities.
Rainy Day Spring Schedule
Helpful Links
Thank you to our amazing sponsors who have partnered with us to help "Be the Change" on the journey to athletic excellence.
Physicals
Online Tickets & Season Passes
Thunder Spirit Store
Weight Room Calendar
Athlete Registration
Advertising & Sponsorships
Alumni
Important Athletic Dates
Coaches Contacts/Team Websites
Equity -Title IX Participation
Summer Camp Information
Inside Athletics
Athletics
Shane Gustafson
Thunder in the Pro's
San Francisco Giants
Sacramento Kings
Nick Mears
Cleveland Indians
Chase Baker
Ladies in Black Aachen,
Toronto Blue Jays
Tim Cunningham
VBC Cheseaux,
Minnesota Twins
Maddie Haynes
Brendan Lane
Portland Timbers and Orange County SC
Austin Diemer
Kansas City Royals
Cincinatti Reds
Seth Casiple
Ryan Angel
Viteos NUC
Neesan Zioeur
Ryan Larson
Texas Rangers
Pittsburgh Pirates
Los Angeles Dodgers
Logan Webb
Pat Stover
Minnesota Vikings
8.  For help regarding how to register a student, please
3.
4. VAC FORM
VAC Form
Use this link to pay online through the RHS Webstore
1)
Register online early so you receive emails directly related to your sport, pre-season information, etc.
We do not need immunization records.
CLICK HERE
1.
Click here for our school required physical form:
4.  Check your Email for a FinalForms Email, and click CONFIRM YOUR ACCOUNT in the email text.  (If you do not receive an
3. PHYSICAL
RHS School Physical $25
5.  Create your new FinalForms password and click CONFIRM ACCOUNT.
2. REGISTER ONLINE
Complete Final Forms Online Athletic Registration
click SKIP THIS STEP or type the NAME, DATE OF BIRTH and EMAIL, then click ADD PARENT ACCOUNT.
https://rocklinunified-ca.finalforms.com
4)
to your Final Forms registration.
Physical may be obtained by:
email check your spam folder.  If you still do not receive one, please email support@finalforms.com)
Tweets by RocklinHSsports
Visit one of the Chiropractic offices listed below
IN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE IN A SPORT, THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS MUST BE COMPLETED EVERY SCHOOL YEAR AT LEAST 30-DAYS PRIOR TO TRYOUTS:
Roseville, CA. 95661
Eternal Life Chiropractic $25
your
appointment
Do not mark incoming Freshman as a "Transfer Student."  You only mark transfer student if you started the school year at a different school and are transferring to RHS.
1.  Go to
Spring Sports- Jan. TBD @ 6pm in the Cafeteria
-  June 3, 2024 beginning at 6:03pm.  Physicals done by
Final Forms account
Mandatory Parent Information Night
Dr. Bray
Upload completed physical into the
Upload completed physical form in
All athletes must be registered in order to try out and participate in any sport at Rocklin High School.
Winter Sports- Oct. TBD @ 6pm in the Cafeteria
2.  Click NEW ACCOUNT under the Parent Icon.
in order to play. Only attend once per year in the season of sport your athlete plays.
Visit your own doctor
last form in your
-
Voluntary Athletic Contribution
RHS Physical form
Every school year a student participates in a sport they need to have a current physical on file.
RHS PHYSICAL FORM
(must use RHS Physical Form)
Voluntary Athletic Contribution (VAC)
Wagnon Chiropractic $25
only.
(916) 797-6200
early to insure you are on the email list for your sport.
1.  Print, fill out and return the VAC form with a check to the Athletic Office.
3)
(click on tab 2 above).  Complete
Donation that applies directly to the sport your
7.  Your account(s) will be created.  You can then click REGISTER STUDENT for your first child.
(must use RHS Physical Form).  If your health insurance only allows one visit every 2 years, they will fill out the form without having to re-evaluate your student.
There are two options available to pay VAC:
8331 Sierra College Blvd. #200
.  Coaches cannot collect physicals.
2)
at least one parent must attend
student is participating in. (click on tab 4 above)
Non-refundable and tax deductible donation that is applied directly to the sport your student is participating in.  Can be paid during each season of sport after tryouts.
When entering your student's information, you must use their school email for them to register.
IMPORTANT:
6.  You may be asked if you want to grant another Parent/Guardian access to your registered students.  Either
1. START HERE
(916) 780-1370
Suggested amounts:   Football - $100,   All Other Sports = $60
3.  Type your NAME, DATE OF BIRTH and EMAIL, then click REGISTER.
720 Sunrise Ave. #104
Playing a sport in the 2024-2025 school year?
2.
Fall Sports- Aug. 8th @ 6:30pm in the Cafeteria
dated and signed by Physician.
Ellery Watkins
tgonzalez@rocklinusd.org
bpaduveris@rocklinusd.org
Golf (Girls)
SPRING COACH EMAIL
lhardoy@rocklinusd.org
Water Polo (Boys)
Curtis Borton
dquok@rocklinusd.org
balmazancezar@rocklinusd.org
Tennis (Girls)
coachborton@gmail.com
Allie Souto
Flag Football (Girls)
Bret Almazan-Cezar
jbarnette@rocklinusd.org
WaterPolo (Girls)
Athletics Staff
Swim (Boys)
Jim Albin
SPRING COACH NAME
WINTER COACH NAME
sbergemann@rocklinusd.org
Beach Volleyball
916-632-1600 X6128
rocklinhsdanceteam@gmail.com
jferraro@rocklinusd.org
FALL COACH NAME
Cheer
Tennis (Boys)
FALL COACH EMAIL
Football
rspears@rocklinusd.org
staylor@rocklinusd.org
coachjimmy22@gmail.com
Volleyball (Girls)
sluciano@rocklinusd.org
Golf (Boys)
FALL SPORTS
jherford@rocklinusd.org
Baseball
Scott Luciano
WINTER COACH EMAIL
Cindy York
amurch@rocklinusd.org
Swim (Girls)
Lacrosse (Boys)
Track & Field
Wrestling (Boys & Girls)
lbaskins@rocklinusd.org
mwagner@rocklinusd.org
Volleyball (Boys)
Softball
SPRING SPORTS
Devon Quok
Soccer (Girls)
alliesouto@gmail.com
TBD
Basketball (Boys)
Mike Mathers & Tom Gonzalez
Justin Ferraro
Lauryn Hardoy
mjones@rocklinusd.org
Bart Paduveris
916-632-1600 x6154
JJ Barnette
Athletic Director
WINTER SPORTS
Andrew Murch
Athletics Assistant
Matt Jones
Competitive Sport Cheer (Stunt)
cyork@rocklinusd.org
Laura Baskins
Kate Mitchell
kmitchell@rocklinusd.org
Basketball (Girls)
Lacrosse (Girls)
Soccer (Boys)
Jenna Villalba
rocklinusd.org
org
titleixcoordinator@
or contact our Equity Officer, Deputy Superintendent of Educational Services at (916) 624-2428 or by email at
The Rocklin Unified School District is committed to equal opportunity for all individuals. District programs, activities and services shall be free from unlawful discrimination, harassment, intimidation, and/or bullying based on actual or perceived characteristics of race, color, ancestry, nationality, immigration status, age, ethnicity, religion, marital status, medical information, mental or physical disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or association with a person or group with one or more of these actual or perceived characteristics.  For inquiries/complaints, contact our TItle IX Coordinator, Director of Secondary School Programs at (916) 624-2428 or by email at
equityofficer@rocklinusd.
CIF
CIF Sac Joaquin Section
In high school athletic competition, the idea of victory with honor still carries meaning.  And it is the ideal that drives everything we do.  We strengthen the integrity of students and adults across the state by promoting sportsmanship, honesty and quality academics. That means fostering the highest principles of character – trustworthiness, respect, responsibility, fairness, caring and good citizenship.
SJS Section
Sac Joaquin Section - What We Do
The Winning Shot
http://www.cifstate.org
What We Do
Max Preps
http://www.maxpreps.com/
http://www.placerherald.com/sports
Visit The Placer Herald for local sports news and more...
http://www.cifsjs.org/
Parent Club
http://www.thewinningshot.com/thewinningshot.com/Home.html
California Interscholastic Federation - What We Do
Rocklin High School Parent Club
Athletic competition is an integral part of the high school experience.  CIF is uniquely positioned to foster student growth in values and ethics.  CIF’s ideal of “Pursuing Victory with Honor,” provides the opportunity to dramatically influence the actions of the athletic community.  CIF strives to strengthen the integrity of students and adults across the state by promoting the concepts of sportsmanship, honesty and quality academics. These priorities advance the highest principles of character – trustworthiness, respect, responsibility, fairness, caring and good citizenship.
Placer Herald
Must be registered online & have their physical turned in by the 1st week of January.
(only if you did not attend in the Fall) - Monday Oct. 23rd, 2023 @ 6:00pm
- Monday, July 26, 2024
- Feb. 7, 2024 in the Library @ 8:00am
Fall Sports National Letter of Intent Signing
Winter National Letter of Intent Signing
Boys Basketball, Girls Basketball, Wrestling, Boys Soccer & Girls Soccer
(only if you did not attend a previous meeting) - Monday Jan. 22nd, 2024 @ 6:00pm
Must be registered online and have their physical turned in by the first week of September.
- October 30, 2023
Spring Sports National Letter of Intent Signing
Winter Sports Practice Begins
- Jan. 22, 2024
Spring Sports GPA Day
Showcase Night
Winter Sports GPA Day
- Monday, Oct 30, 2023   Individual and team GPA's determined for all Fall athletes.
- TBD
- Apr. 15, 2024
Football Practice Starts
Declaration Day for Winter Sports
Spring Sports Practice Begins
WINTER ATHLETES
- Monday, October 23, 2023  At the end of the 1st quarter, academic eligibility will be determined for all Fall sports participants.
Mandatory Spring Sports Information Night for parents
- February 5, 2024 except for Baseball and Softball which start Jan 29, 2024.
- Feb. 5, 2024 in the Cafeteria
- Monday, August 5, 2024
Declaration Day for Spring Sports
SPRING ATHLETES
Fall Sports Practice Starts
Declaration Day for Fall Sports
Cross Country, Football, Flag Football, Girls Golf, Girls Tennis, Girls Volleyball, and Water Polo. Cheer and Dance both Fall & Winter.
- Apr. 8, 2024
Mandatory Sports Information Night for Parents of all prospective Fall Athletes
- Apr. 17th, 2024 in the Library @ 8:00am.
Must be registered online and have their physical on file by July 1, 2024.
Fall Sports GPA Day
- Thursday, Aug 8, 2023 @ 6:30pm  in the Cafeteria
Mandatory Winter Sports Information Night for parents
- Jan. 29, 2024
Baseball, Beach Volleyball, Boys Golf, Boys & Girls Lacrosse, Softball, Stunt, Swim, Boys Tennis, Track & Field, Boys Volleyball
FALL ATHLETES
YOU MUST BRING THE RHS ATHLETICS PHYSICAL FORM WITH YOU!
- Monday, July 24, 2023
This must be done prior to the your athlete's first game in order to participate.
If you were unable to attend the meeting please make an appointment with Cindy York.
Event Ticket Prices:
for your appointment.
Mandatory Parent Meeting - Thursday, Aug 3, 2023 @ 6:00pm in the Cafeteria.
Schoology
Important dates & info by season
Counseling
Football starts July 24, 2023.
- November 8, 2023 in the Library @ 8:00am
Avoid the Back to School rush!  For a $30 donation you can have your physical completed by an orthopedic specialist and your paperwork filed early.  Physicals will be held in the Rocklin HS Athletic Office  (Room H-5)
ATTENDANCE
Tweets by RocklinSports
Home
If you were unable to attend, please make an appointment with Cindy York.
Library
- Monday, July 31, 2023
Must be registered online and have their physical on file by July 1, 2023.
PARENT CLUB
The Athletic Office will be closed June 26th through July 24th.  After July 15th if you need assistance, please contact the Athletic Director, Dale Eckenburg, at 916-632-1600 x6154 and he will get back to you.
Registrar/Transcripts
Wagnon Chiropractic
Rocklin HS students that purchased an ASB card get in free if they show their card at the gate (except for playoffs).
Info
This must be done prior to the first game in order for the athlete to participate.
PRE-SEASON CONDITIONING & TRYOUT DETAILS
All other Fall sports start Jul. 31, 2023 with the exception of Water Polo on  Aug. 14, 2023.
Thunder Athletics Sponsors
sports physicals 2024-25
Media
Eternal Life Chiropractic
Important athletic Dates
If you were unable to attend you must make an appointment with  Cindy York.
Football, Boys & Girls Cross Country, Girls Golf, Girls Tennis, Girls Volleyball, Boys & Girls Water Polo, Cheer, Dance & Marching Band.
Boys & Girls Basketball, Boys & Girls Soccer & Wrestling
Mandatory Parent Meeting - Oct. 23, 2023 @ 6pm in the Cafeteria
Season begins October 30, 2023.
Complete online athletic registration through Final Forms
- Thursday, Aug 3, 2023 @ 6:00pm  in the Cafeteria
on Monday, June 3rd, starting at 6:30pm.
Rocklin Sports Twitter
except Water Polo starts August 14, 2023)
by appointment only
Baseball, Boys Golf, Boys & Girls Lacrosse, Softball, Sport Cheer, Boys & Girls Swim, Boys Tennis,Boys & Girls Track & Field and Boys Volleyball.
Sports Admission:  $10 adults  /  $7 students & Sr. Citizens  /  under age 5-free
Season begins Feb. 5, 2024. with the exception of Baseball and Softball which start Jan. 29th, 2024
This must be done prior to your athlete's first competition.
Sign up now
- Feb. 12, 2024 in the Cafeteria
Mandatory Parent Meeting - Jan. 22, 2024 @6pm in Cafeteria
Check the team website and contact the Head Coach for schedule.
FlexiSCHED
If you miss this opportunity and are unable to get into to see your Dr. in time we have a couple other options for you listed below:
Shop our new BSN Spirit Store!
(
Thunder Athletics
atillery@rocklinusd.org
Rocklin High School Athletic Handbook
All students transferring to Rocklin HS from another highschool MUST speak with our Athletic Director after meeting with our School Registrar and enrolling for classes. CIF must approve ALL transfer students for athletic eligibility before the student athlete may participate in games.
T
4)  Each athlete must provide their school's signing day letter on the day of the signing event.  Rockiln HS will not provide any paperwork for official signings.
CIF forms may be required, subject to the conditions of the student transfer.  See CIF bylaws 206, 207 and 510 for student transfer details
The Rocklin High School Athletic program is and integral part of the Rocklin High School learning experience.  The RHS student athlete experience is a result of the “six Pillars of Success” as outlined in the Rocklin High School handbook; a lifelong learner and continually improving.
- to communicate openly and honestly in constructive manner.
Curriculum -
to develop self-directed learners through the process inherent within the skills, ability and knowledge of each sport.
- to be “present” and dedicated with your whole heart to the goals of self, team, school and community.
\Athletics\Signing Day Athlete Info -3-.pdf
Philosophy
This year's dates are as follows:
Coming soon!
- Humility, Respect, Honesty, Integrity, Responsibility, Leadership, and Sportsmanship
www.cifsjs.org
The Athletic Department's philosophy is a result of the systemic philosophy of Rocklin High School and the structures that facilitate these beliefs.  Specifically, the “Six Pillars of Success” that outline our expected learning results (ESLR’s) have driven our Athletic philosophy.  They include the following:
Challenge
Requirements for Participating in the RHS National Letter of Intent Signing Day:
Spring- January 22nd, 2024
Nov. 13, 2019          Feb. 5, 2020            April 15, 2020
Please see attached signing day information sheet.  Fill it out and turn it in to Ms. Tillery in the College & Career Center no later than one week prior to your signing day.
2)  All student athletes must have participated in the signing sport on the Rocklin HS campus.                          Students signing for sports not offered at Rocklin HS may participate in the NLI Signing Day.
ecognize the accomplishments of athletes and their college decisions.
@ 6pm in the Cafeteria
National Letter of Intent
Parent Info Night
1)  All student athletes must be participating in a sport at the Division I, II or III levels.
Winter- October 23rd, 2023
Commitment
here will be 3 signing events this school year to r
3)  We are unable to accommodate student athletes participating at the Jr. College level or walk-ons.
Transfer Students
Vision & Philosophy
- We are a united group of people that believe in being part of something bigger than ourselves which brings out the best in each of us as individuals.  To that wend, we create and institute methods to support and enhance team, school and city-wide community.
For questions please email Ms. Tillery at
PARENT INFO NIGHT - MANDATORY FOR AT LEAST ONE PARENT TO ATTEND EVERY SCHOOL YEAR.
Character
Fall- August 3rd, 2023 @ 6pm in the Cafeteria
TRANSFER STUDENTS:
- “Embrace the battle” – Fearless and self motivated players and team that persevere / excel in pressure situations and do not let the final outcome discourage them from maximizing their potential.
Vision
Click here to access the Athletic Code of Conduct and guiding procedures for RHS Athletics:
)
Community
Featured Athlete
Athletic Handbook
RHS ATHLETICS PHYSICAL FORM
YOU MUST BRING THE
WITH YOU!
SPORTS PHYSICALS 2024-25
SIGN UP HERE!
Avoid the Back to School rush!  For a $30 donation you can have your physical completed by an orthopedic specialist and your paperwork filed early.  Physicals will be held in the Rocklin HS Athletic Office (Room H-5)
Rainy Day Schedule Spring Sports 2023
9:00am - 12:00pm
jmortara@rocklinusd.org
Camp will focus on fundamentals by position & learning offensive & defensive skills the "Thunder" way.
Thunder Footba
June 18-21
Grades K-8 (Fall 2024)
June 17-20
Girls & Boys / Grades 1-8
$80
8:30 - 10:00 am
June 10-14 &/or June 17-21
4:00 - 6:30 pm
June 24-27
&
Coach Steve Taylor
jbarnette@rocklinusd.org / bpaduveris@rocklinusd.org
Late Registration at the door 8:30am
$100
August 27-29th
ll
Week 1: June 10-14
8:30am - 11:00am
June 10-14
Rocklin Girls Volleyball
$120
Grades 1-9 (Fall 2024)
Grades 4-10
Dance Coach Ellery Watkins
rocklincoachjenna@gmail.com
June 17-21, 2024
Cheer Coach Allie Souto
9:00am - Noon
$100 per athlete per week
NOTE: Athletes must be able to swim multiple 25 yard laps.
Rocklin Boys and Girls Soccer
Week 2: June 17-21
Girls Coach JJ Barnette / Boys Coach Bart Paduveris
Room C3 on RHS Campus
Rocklin Boys Basketball
2024 Rocklin High School Summer Camps
Rocklin Girls Basketball
SOLD OUT
Coach Dale Eckenburg
$85 per week
Coach Jason Adams
Grades K-8th - 3 day non-contact camp
$125
Thunder Water Polo
June 10-13, 2024
June 25-27 8:30-11:00am
REGISTER HERE
Rocklin Boys Lacrosse
Grades K-8
1:00pm - 4:00pm
Rocklin Video Production Camp
Boys Coaches: Scott Bergemann and Kristen Hamm
Coach Jenna Villalba
Rocklin Girls Flag Football
Rocklin Thunder Tennis
Coach Devon Quok
Coach Ryan Spears
Rocklin Spirit Fall Camp
Grades 1-8th
Grades 4-9 (Fall 2024)
Grades 4-8 10:00 - 12:00 pm
$150
FOR BOYS AND GIRLS
Please register separately for each student athlete and each camp. If you have any questions or notice a problem please email Dale Eckenburg at deckenburg@rocklinusd.org
Grades K-9
Early Registration by June 15th guaranteed T-Shirt $100
Rocklin HS Master Calendar
Calendars
Swim
Event Calendar
Holidays in United States
Basketball- Girls
Wrestling
Calendar
Golf- Boys
Volleyball - Boys
Tennis- Boys
Soccer-Boys
Basketball-Boys
Class of 2025
Community Service Opportunities
Advanced Placement Information
No Mark (NM) Info
Academic Resources
Parent Resources
Academic Planning Guide
Valedictorian Selection
Community Service Contract
Wellness
Class of 2027
About
Peer Counseling
Graduation Requirements
Registrar (transcripts)
Class of 2026
Work Permits
College and Career Center
Class of 2028
A - G Approved Courses
Registrar
25 hrs. of documented Community Service
250 Credits
1 year World Language
½ year Health
1 year CTE
3 years Science
3 years Mathematics
4 years Social Studies
4 years Language Arts
3 years P.E.
Higher Education Admission Requirements
RHS Graduation Requirements
1 year VAPA
50 Elective Credits
Weekly Grade Check Form
Student/Staff Login
Parent Login
A progress report is a mid-quarter report of progress in a class. The report helps evaluate a student's success in each class during the quarter.
How to a correct a NM?
What is a progress report?
A NM is a progress or quarter report grade that may be corrected. A NC is a final semester grade.
A NM may indicate that an assignment has not been turned in, passed a quiz or a test, have not completed all of the work for a class, and/or learned an essential concept or skill. If this work is not completed or made up, a student may not pass the class.
A NC is a final semester grade posted by the teacher. This may require a student to repeat the semester in summer school, night school or in a proceeding semester, if applicable.
Information for Students and Parents about Progress Reports, No Marks, and No Credits
May a NC be changed?
What can I do to avoid NM’s and NC’s in the future?
Use a planner to help track assignments. Write due dates in your planner for assignments. Highlight the dates to help you remember important information. Use the grade check in your planner to keep track of your grades in your classes.
What is the difference between a NM (No Mark) and a NC (No Credit)?
There are only two types of grades on a progress report: “P” indicates a passing grade the class; “NM” indicates that a student is in danger of not passing the class.
All students receive a progress report is available on the Aeries portal: September, November, February, and April.
A NM may be corrected upon completion of missing assignments and/or clearing essential concepts or skills and/or test. Any questions regarding a NM grade, contact the teacher.
What does a NM (No Mark) mean?
Placer County Resources
211 - your connecting point
Login
AP Comp Sci P
A student is given the first semester to maintain AP appropriate level of work. If he/she does not maintain that level, he/she will be moved to a similar class at a lower level. This change will occur at the semester only.
AP Microecon
Spanish III Honors
Wind Ensemble Honors
AP/Honors Courses Information
AP Physics 2
AP Policies
Anato/Phys Honors
AP Physics I
Adding and Dropping classes: Students are given three weeks after school begins to drop an AP class if they find the class too difficult
AP Eng Lit/Comp
Photo/Jrlism Honors
Spanish IV Honors
AP Physics C-M
RHS AP/Honors Course Offerings:
AP Comp Sci A
AP Physics C-EM
AP Environ Sci
Photo IV Honors
AP/HONORS COURSES
French III Honors
AP Wld History
AP US History
Pubs Design III/IV Honors
AP Eng Lg/Comp
Seniors, if you would like to book an appointment with Ms. Morgan, your counselor, please click on the link below.
FAX:  916-632-0305
Ms. Morgan
ext.  6113
Contact Information for Ms. Morgan
Lissa Morgan, Counselor
Book here!
916-632-1600
APPOINTMENTS
Contact Information for Mr. Wirth
Tim Wirth, Counselor
Juniors, if you would like to book an appointment with Mr. Wirth, your counselor, please click on the link below.
ext.  6114
Click here!
Mr. Wirth
ext.  6111
Sophmores, if you would like to book an appointment with Ms. Cable, your counselor,
Tyler Cable, Counselor
Ms. Cable
please click on the link below.
Contact Information for Ms. Cable
Mrs. Hodge
ext.  6112
Lauri Hodge, Counselor
Freshmen, if you would like to book an appointment with Mrs. Hodge, your counselor, please click on the link below.
Contact Information for Mrs. Hodge
for current and upcoming opportunities to volunteer.
here.
For a Community Service Contract please click
As a graduation requirement, students must complete 25 hours of community service work. These hours can be completed for any non-profit organization through clubs, athletic teams, or individually throughout the year. Students completing 150 or more community service hours are eligible for distinguished community service awards.
Students need to document their community service hours on the Community Service Contract (see link below) and return it to the counseling office or the College and Career Center.
Please visit the Rocklin High School Counseling Office community service board
which ensures that each student has th
Email Ms. Hyde @
Alternative Education
The mission of the Rocklin High School Counseling Department is
student’s academic, career, personal, and social needs.
hhyde@rocklinusd.org
Phone:  (916) 632-1600 ext. 6110
Academic Enrichment at Sierra College
e opportunity to meet the
our secretary who meets and greets everyone with a smile.  Ms. Hyde will schedule appointments
Whatever your business with the Counseling Department, the first person you'll see is Heather Hyde,
Contact Information for Ms. Hyde:
Click here for information and how to apply.
to serve all students by providing a quality educational program,
Interested in taking an Academic Enrichment class at Sierra College?
Finding the Right College
for you to see your counselor before and after school, or during lunch and break.  Stop by and say "Hello."
Welcome to the Rocklin High School Counseling Center
Peer Counselors will learn about issues that students in our community face: teen depression, anxiety, bullying, academic/learning struggles, eating disorders, drug abuse, etc. We will read about and discuss these topics at our training sessions in an educational format. We also will be involved in creating acts of kindness to spread around our campus.
Peer Counseling is a program used across the United States. It serves students who want to strengthen their communication and helping skills. The program provides an avenue whereby students can support their peers and, at the same time, extends the opportunity to students to provide a service to their school and community.
The Peer Counseling Program is based on this simple premise: Within every school an informal “helping network” exists. Students with problems naturally seek out other students, counselors, teachers, or other school staff whom they trust. Students look to Peer Counselors for advice, assistance or just a sympathetic ear. The Peer Counselors are trained by school counselors in skills they need to provide more effective help to young people who seek them out. Peer Counselors are not professionally trained therapists or counselors. Knowing one’s limitations in a helping situation is repeatedly emphasized and reviewed with students. A significant amount of focus is placed on knowing when to refer a friend who may be at risk to a School Counselor.
Out of State & Private Schools
who need an official transcript for a
s
Scholarships/Jobs/Auto Insurance
TRANSCRIPT REQUESTS
All former
CSU or UC Schools
Lisa Hayes, Registrar
Seniors
Cal Grant GPA Opt-Out Form
Students do not need to request a transcript UNLESS it is an application requirement for a special program. CSU and UC do NOT accept transcripts as part of the initial application process.
Contact Information for Mrs. Hayes:
Do not request a transcript unless the college has requested one
Transcript requests are made using the form above. Determine whether you will need an Official or Unofficial transcript. If unofficial, it will be emailed to you. Allow 5 school days to process these requests.
Once you have entered your college information into Scoir, please click on the link below and complete the form to request your transcript for your college(s).
Previous RHS Graduates can Access the
Common Applications/Send EDU
Non CSU, UC or schools not using Common App, such as private colleges and universities and schools out of state may require a copy of your transcript.  Please consult their website to determine if a transcript is necessary.
Mrs. Hayes
…please enter your college information into Scoir.
current students in need of an official transcript for reasons other than college admissions, please click on the link below and complete the form.
FOR ALL TRANSCRIPT REQUESTS, PLEASE ALLOW UP TO 5 DAYS TURN-AROUND TIME.  ONE WEEK ADVANCE NOTICE IS RECOMMENDED.
Students do not need to request a transcript. Enter your counselor's email on the application and your counselor will upload the transcript when they complete your common application.
college
Phone:  (916) 632-1600 ext. 6104
Transcript Requests for Graduates or Former RHS Students
for current RHS seniors i
Transcript Request for Current Students
here
Cal Grant GPA
email
students in need of an official transcript, please click on the link below and complete the form.
If you don't find the information you're looking for
All
TRANSCRIPT REQUEST LINK
Information Release Form
Valedictorian status is awarded to the top two percent of senior class students based on total weighted GPA in grades 9th through 12th.This number is based on the number of students enrolled in the senior class at the beginning of their senior year. If more than two percent of the senior class make up the lowest qualifying GPA, all students tied at the lowest qualifying GPA are valedictorians.
“High school level courses” taken in middle school and college courses taken during high school will not be included in the GPA calculation.
Final valedictorian status will be confirmed based on the eighth semester report card at the end of senior year.
All high school courses will be included in the calculation of the total weighted GPA in grades 9th through 12th.
Potential valedictorian candidates may be dropped from the list based on senior year grades if they fall below the top two percent qualification following spring semester grades.
Students may be removed from the valedictorian list if it is determined by administration that they do not meet acceptable Rocklin/Whitney High School standards of academics.
Weighted grades will be assigned only for Honors and Advanced Placement courses offered in the Rocklin Unified School District for transfer students from schools in California, out of state, and out of the country.
UC approved Rocklin Unified School District Honors and Advanced Placement courses will be awarded one extra grade point in the GPA calculation.
Students must be enrolled in Rocklin High School by the beginning of the first semester of senior year to be considered for class valedictorian.
Rocklin High School Class Valedictorians represent the top academic performers of the graduating class.
Valedictorian Evaluation Criteria:
ROCKLIN HIGH SCHOOL VALEDICTORIAN SELECTION CRITERIA
Potential valedictorian candidates will be identified after the first semester report card is issued of the senior year and a meeting will be held with potential candidates.
(Reference:
This means getting enough sleep, eating nutritious foods, and exercising. When you take care of yourself physically, you will reap the benefits academically, emotionally, psychologically and inter-personally.
HOW CAN PARENTS HELP THEIR STUDENT SUCCEED?
Full Circle Treatment Center Information
Put it on your calendar - in ink!
In order to live a healthy and rewarding life, self-care is a necessity. With this mindset, prioritizing self-care can become very natural and easy to do.
Go for quality, especially when quantity is lacking. For instance, rather than getting sucked into channel surfing for hours, watch only shows you've recorded that you truly enjoy.
866-331-9474
iden horizons
esist the urge to "clip their wings" (reinforce responsibility & independence)
ncourage exploration
800-RUNAWAY (786-2929)
RESOURCES
O
(Mayo Clinic)
National Alliance on Mental Health
What to do when someone is suicidal
Have a lights out policy.
ffer support
- Books for teen mental health and wellness.
Check-in with yourself regularly.
What happens when students aren't getting the sleep they need?  Lack of consistent, appropriate sleep leads to increased academic stress, hindered concentration and learning, and disturbances to your students' mood and ability to cope.
Local Resource/Therapist List
Take a close look at your calendar and carve out one or two hours for self-care and stick to it. This may take extra prep, but it's worth it.
http://psychcentral.com/lib/how-clinicians-practice-self-care-9-tips-for-readers/
800-273-TALK (8255)
Know when to say no
Make sure that the people in your life are upbeat, positive, and know how to enjoy life!
Eliminate caffeine 3 to 5 hours before bed (soda, tea, coffee).
If life gets stressful and overwhelming, it's important to give your mind and body the breaks they need.  Below are some tips to include self-care in your routine.
Remember that self-care is non-negotiable.
(916) 652-2749
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline
W
. Your health and well-being come first. If you're feeling stretched thin, prioritize your commitments and cut out what isn't fulfilling and truly important to you.
romote balance and core values
ameron's Collection
Take care of yourself physically.
P
R
Ask yourself these critical questions: "Am I working too much?" "Do I feel tapped out?" "What do I need to take away?" "What would I like to add?"
E
Have students keep a regular study cycle (no late night cramming sessions).
suicideispreventable.org
The Rocklin High School counselors are available for conferences and referrals as needed or upon request.  Crisis intervention counseling, drug and alcohol abuse prevention information, education, and referral are always available.  Students in need of assistance should make an appointment with their counselor.
If you don't have huge chunks of time, you can still fit in little moments of relaxation. Don't wait to add self-care to your life until your schedule frees up (you might be waiting a while to forever). Try taking just five minutes to close your eyes and take some deep breaths, or go for a quick 10-minute walk. These small steps can make a big difference.
onitor how they spend their time
National Teenline
C
Self-care for one person will mean something completely different for someone else.  One person may need more alone time, for example, while another may nurture herself by spending more time out with friends.
Know the Signs:
M
What can parents do?
stablish expectations
800-TLC-TEEN (852-8336)
Stop Bullying
National Runaway Safeline
Take away computers, video games, cell phones, etc.
E.M.P.O.W.E.R. them!
National Teen Dating Abuse Helpline
Surround yourself with great people.
Identify what activities help you feel your best.
Passport to Student Wellness
HOW TO PRACTICE SELF-CARE
Help your child establish a regular sleep and wake cycle (Students need 8 to 9 hours of sleep each night).
Sneak in self-care where you can.
Crisis Resolution Center
Trevor Project Support Center
HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS AND SLEEP
Consider the quality of self-care.
FlexiSCHED Information and Tips (Coming Soon)
Weekly FlexiSCHED Options
Flex Information for Students & Parents
FlexiSCHED Login
Announcements
dstewart@rocklinusd.org
Tyler Cable - 6111
916.632.1600 x 6123
Rachel Lund - 6297
mdouglas@rocklinusd.org
Cindy York - 6128
Felicia Guadiana - 6172
Account Clerk:
Michael Huerta - 6132
Counselors:
Mark Douglas
Class of 2027 H-O
Jacque da Roza - 6155
Registrar:
mpappas@rocklinusd.org
Class of 2027 P-Z
Attendance
Marna Pruett - 6103
Laurie Janowsky - 6124
Mindi Diemer - 6101
Alicia Perkins - 6140
Lisa Hayes - 6104
916.632.1600 x 6125
Site Council
Map
Attendance Clerks:
Bell Schedule
Tim Wirth - 6114
Workability:
Receptionist:
916.632.1600 x 6121
Uniform Complaint Procedure
Jessica Davis - 6137
Student Handbook
College & Career Tech:
Class of 2024
Lissa Morgan - 6113
Jenn Stedman
Activities Director:
Athletic Director:
Mike Pappas
Principal
School Accountability
Karen Cox - 6131
Teacher Center
Heather Hyde- 6110
Graduation
Health aide:
College & Career Center
Principal's Secretary:
AP Secretary:
jstedman@rocklinusd.org
Lead Custodian:
Lauri Hodge - 6112
Administration
Caroline Grossmann - 6105
Assistant Principals
School Psychologist:
Athletics Secretary:
Davis Stewart
Alice Chorneau Ward - 6119
Counseling Clerk:
Paul Reynoso - 6130
School Resource Officer:
Bridget Hopper - 6120
Discipline Technicians:
Class of 2027 A-G
John Thompson - 6141
RHS Music Parents
Leanne Sublett - 6117
916.632.1600 x 6127
Thunder Forecast
Jeff Harter - 6154
Contact Information
Clerks:
If you are checking your student out of school early, please submit your request by phone or in writing at least one hour before you want your student released.
Marna Pruett   Ext. 6103
Caroline Grossmann  Ext. 6105
All students must pick up a yellow check-out slip BEFORE leaving campus.
9:55 -10:00   BrUNCH   (5 Min)
10:55 - 11:15 BRUNCH (20 min)
10:05-10:10  Break  (5 min)
2:40 - 3:40    Rally (60 Min)
8:45 -  9:55  1st Block (Periods 1 & 2)
12:25 - 1:45   3rd Block (Periods 5 & 6) (80 min)
11:10 - 11:30 BRUNCH (20 min)
8:45 - 10:05  1st Block (Periods 1 & 2) (80 min)
12:50 - 2:00  4th Block  (Periods 7 & 8)
10:20-10:55  FLEX (30 MIN)
11:40 -12:50  3rd Block    (70 Min)
Monday Articulation
8:45 - 9:55   1st Block   (70 Min)
12:25 - 1:25  4th Block  (Periods 7 & 8) (60 min)
9:50- 10:55 2nd Block (Periods 3 & 4) (65 min)
10:10 -11:35  2nd Block w/Fri Show   (85 Min)
Tuesday - Friday w/FLEX
1:25 - 2:35    4th Block  (70 Min)
Rally Schedule w/Show 2nd Block
11:35 - 12:45 3rd Block  (Periods 5 & 6)
silver days (periods 2, 4, 6, 8)
2:20 -  3:40    4th Block (Periods 7 & 8) (80 min)
11:00- 12:20  2nd Block (Periods 3 & 4) (80 min)
BLUE DAYS (pERiods 1, 3, 5, 7)
minimum day - end of semester
11:20 - 12:20 3rd Block  (Periods 5 & 6) (60 min)
1:45 -  2:15    Lunch (30 min)
8:45 -  9:45  1st Block (Periods 1 & 2) (60 min)
12:50 - 1:20   Lunch  (30 Min)
10:00- 11:10 2nd Block (Periods 3 & 4)
Rocklin High Event Calendar
Rocklin Unified TK-12 School Calendar for 2023-24
Sober Grad Night
Graduation FAQ's
Graduation Links
Graduation Family Information
Senior Checklist
6104
Jacque da Roza
School Resource Officer
Lissa Morgan
6132
6293
Workability
Mindi Diemer
6140
6110
Lauri Hodge
6171
6103
Donna Taylor
Attendance Clerks
6131
Leanne Sublett
Discipline Technicians
Marna Pruett
Lead Custodian
6124
6113
6137
School Psychologist
Receptionist
Athletics Secretary
Paul Reynoso
6105
Lisa Hayes
6119
Heather Hyde
Assistant Principal's Secretary
Alice Chorneau Ward
Jessica Davis
Karen Cox
6112
Michael Huerta
Account Clerk
Principal's Secretary
6120
Felicia Guadiana
Tim Wirth
6101
6111
6141
6130
Alicia Perkins
Health Aide
Jeff Harter
6297
6115
Counselors
Information
College & Career Tech
Laurie Janowsky
6128
6114
Rachel Lund
Counseling Secretary
Tyler Cable
Bridget Hopper
RHS-Campus-Map-23-24-Bathrooms-Only.pdf
rocklin high school campus map 23-24
RHS-Campus-Map-23-24-AED-Bathrooms.pdf
Minutes
February 13, 2024
2023-2024 SITE COUNCIL DATES
November 14, 2023
Agenda
Catapult CMS
Citrix Remote Access
Aeries
Facilities Use Request Link
Substitute Request
Thunder Forecast 9/26/22
April 2023
Thunder Forecast 12/12/22
Thunder Forecast 9/6/22
Thunder Forecast 8/29/22
Thunder Forecast 1/23/23
2022-2023 School Year
March 2023
Thunder Forecast 8/15/22
May 2023
Thunder Forecast 1/16/23
Thunder Forecast 8/22/22
Thunder Forecast 8/8/22
Thunder Forecast 5/1/23
November 2022
Thunder Forecast 3/20/23
Thunder Forecast 5/22/23
Thunder Forecast 10/3/22
Thunder Forecast 3/13/23
August 2022
Thunder Forecast 4/17/23
Thunder Forecast 10/10/22
Thunder Forecast 12/5/22
Thunder Forecast 2/13/23
Thunder forecast
Thunder Forecast 9/19/22
October 2022
Thunder Forecast 10/17/22
Thunder Forecast 11/28/22
Thunder Forecast 3/27/23
June 2023
Thunder Forecast 4/24/23
Thunder Forecast 5/8/23
Thunder Forecast 11/7/22
Thunder Forecast 1/9/23
February 2023
Thunder Forecast 11/14/22
Thunder Forecast 12/19/22
Thunder Forecast 9/12/22
September 2022
Thunder Forecast 1/30/23
Thunder Forecast 4/10/23
Thunder Forecast 10/24/22
Thunder Forecast 5/15/23
Thunder Forecast 2/27/23
Thunder Forecast 3/6/23
December 2022
Thunder Forecast 2/6/23
January 2023
Uniform Complaint Procedure Notice
English Version
Spanish Version
Flash Online
Journalism
Senior Ad
Photo Galleries
Yearbook
Frequently Asked Questions
Publications Policy
for current RHS seniors is
who need an official transcript for
…please enter your college information into Scoir (
Former Student
FORMER STUDENT TRANSCRIPT REQUEST LINK
tRANSCRIPT REQUESTS
).  Once you have entered your college information into Scoir, please click on the link below and complete the form to request your transcript for your college(s).
click here for instructions
Current Student
CURRENT STUDENT TRANSCRIPT REQUEST LINK
Contact Information for Mrs. Hayes
school. Schoology can be integrated with existing school reporting and information
Click the links on the left to be taken to either Schoology for Students/Staff or
the service includes attendance records, online
,
Students can also create and join clubs based on their interests.
Schoology Parent
require.
Visually familiar to users of Facebook and other popular social networking websites
drop boxes
grade book
a
for Parents.
questions.
choology also allows you to communicate with your teachers and ask a variety of
, tests and quizzes, and homework
. The social media interface facilitates collaboration among a class, a group, or
systems
and also provides the added security, filters and support that school districts may
Schoology Student & Staff
DayWeekMonthYearListJuly 2024  ||SundayMondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayFridaySaturday12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031
Advanced Algebra 2
(916) 632-1600 ext 6081
Mr. Waechtler
Class Information
(916) 632-1600 ext 6017
Email:
This course is designed for students who have completed Geometry.  All the concepts in the Algebra 2 course will be covered, but more in depth.  Additional concepts will be explored, such as the unit circle and descriptive statistics
Resources
Calendar and Grades
Mr. Bumgardner
Course Description
Textbook
mbumgardner@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Voicemail:
We will use Schoology for our class calendar.  You must be logged in to your rocklinusd.org account to view the information.  Click
to go to Edline.
to go to Schoology.
Grades will be updated regularly through Edline.  Click
Here
Back to School Night - Waechtler
Back to School Night - Bumgardner
Syllabus
- Just ab
KHAN Academy
All of the site's resources are available to anyone. It doesn't matter if you are a student, teacher, home-schooler, principal, adult returning to the classroom after 20 years, or a friendly alien just trying to get a leg up in earthly biology. Khan Academy's materials and resources are available to you completely free of charge.
CPM Additional Resources
A Catalog of Mathematics Resources on the WWW and the Internet
These are some of the best math resources out there.  If you find one and think I should know about it, email me at mbumgardner@rocklin.k12.ca.us and I will include it in my "Resources" page.
out every other resource and bit of mathematics information on the internet.
Chapter 1 (EF)
Chapter 5 (LS)
Chapter 4 (PG)
Chapter 8 (CT)
Chapter 7 (CF)
Chapter 13 (RE)
Chapter 3 (FX)
Chapter 9 (ST)
Chapter 11 (IC)
Chapter 12 (DS)
Chapter 6 (CC)
Chapter 2 (BB)
Chapter 10 (PM)
Subject
Mrs. First Lastname
Mr. First Lastname
Students:
feel free to stop into the classroom after school for a quick chat.
Communication between school and home is vital for your student's
Parents:
progress. Please feel free to contact me about any concern you may have.
always eager to help you succeed in my classes.
questions or concerns you have (I prefer e-mail to voicemail). I am
Please make an appointment if you want to have a lengthy discussion, but
to you as soon as I can, but usually I can't reply during school hours.
Stop by Room 14C during lunch or after school or e-mail me with any
You may send me an e-mail or leave me a voicemail and I will get back
Human Geography: People, Place, and Culture, 10th Edition
Test
RHS Dance Team
Mr. Dale Eckenburg:
deckenburg@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Erin H. Fouberg
Our textbook for this year is:
www.hotmath.com
Algebra 2 is a second year algebra course with an overall theme of problem solving.  The overriding themes of the course are: algebraic manipulation, equation solving, graphing, and probability.  This Algebra 2 course is designed to prepare students for college level mathematics.
Kathleen Patterson
Course Syllabus
www.khanacademy.org
Algebra 2
This is a comprehensive initial study in the field of anatomy and physiology. This course is a
University of California approved lab science course. This course is especially relevant to students interested in
Meckman@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Mr. Eckman's Human Anatomy and Physiology
Course Description:
pursuing the fields of life science, animal sciences, or pre-med coursework.
Human Anatomy & Physiology
Mr. Matt Eckman
I am available before school everyday and after school by appointment.  I have one prep period: 7th.  You are welcome to work in my room but I will be busy.
AP Calculus AB and BC
Mrs. Tara McCullough
Office Hours
Syllabus Verification
th
In order to drop an AP class it must be done within the first 3 weeks of the class (September 10th).  After that, students must remain in the class until the end of first semester
Comments
, during the morning session. The cost, set by the College Board, is
.   Make checks payable to RHS and turn them into Ms. Miller in the student store.  All AP test fees are due by February 1
As outlined by the College Board, the course will cover all the topics in calculus AB: limits, continuity, differentiation, fundamental theorem of calculus, integration of algebraic, trigonometric, and transcendental functions, as well as numerous applications. In addition, the BC class will cover: parametric, polar, and vector functions, Euler’s method, L’Hopital’s rule, improper integrals, additional techniques of integration, logistic differential equations, and polynomial approximations and series.
NC
BC Book
tmccullough@rocklin.k12.ca.us
LATE HOMEWORK WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED
.    Information regarding fee waivers can be found in the counseling center.
st
80-89% =
Grading
Variable
, 9
90 - 100% =
, 6
Grades will be based on tests, quizzes, and homework.
The easiest way for parents to contact me is to use email.
30% Concepts: 30% Quizzes: 20% Homework: 20%
period, before school, and after school.
Drop Policy
The AP calculus test will be given on Thursday, May 5
AP Test
There will be additional topics covered after the AP test.
AB Book
due the last day of the
Calculus of a Single
70-78% =
Grades are assigned as shown. Grades are not rounded. 89% is a B+.
Tests
week (Th or F depending on the week). Only some of the problems will be graded. Solutions to the homework will be available the following week.
0 - 69% =
Homework will be assigned daily. The easiest way to fail this class is to avoid the homework. It is expected that homework be completed by the following class period. However, the homework is
It is extremely important that you don’t feel lost in this course. If you are lost, get help from me or from another student. I strongly suggest that you form study groups outside of class. I am available for help during 7
Calculators
It is highly recommended that you have your own calculator. You will need to be proficient with it when you take the AP test. I suggest the TI-83+, TI-84+, or TI-89, though you may use any of the calculators approved by the college board for this class.
Homework
Course Content
$89
ed. by Larson
Summer Work - Key
Introduction
Welcome to the AP Chemistry
Summer Work
Mr. Paul Werner
Welcome to AP Economics!  It is going to be a great year
Website
!
AP Economics!!
Mr. Mark Hardy
90 – 100%
The AP Microeconomics exam is scheduled for Thursday, May 15th, in the afternoon.  Based on past results, I am highly confident of your ability to pass the exam.
*Late work on non-essential assignments is accepted for 50 percent credit, until the end of the current unit of study.  Late work may be accepted beyond the end of the unit, at teacher discretion.
Grading Policy
Students will demonstrate mastery of the following essential skills:
Private and public goods, externalities, market failures, taxes, income distribution, poverty and welfare, health care, immigration, environment
20%
*All projects/essays must be turned in on the due date regardless of absence.
Comparative governments, principles of democracy, US Constitution and its application today, judicial philosophies, political ideology, executive powers and responsibilities, legislative process, checks and balances
Functions and characteristics of money, measuring the growth of the economy, aggregate supply and demand, circular flow, inflation, unemployment, poverty, monetary and fiscal policy
Essential skills and concepts
6)
Notebook: It is vital that you keep an organized economics notebook of lecture notes, handouts, and coursework in order to prepare for tests. In addition, your notebook will include a section of “Response Journal” entries, which will be turned in each semester as a required project.
*Social Studies Grade Comment Key
Output and price determination, perfect competition, monopoly, imperfect markets, price discrimination, government regulation
Derived demand, marginal physical product and marginal revenue product, wage determination, unions, rent, interest, profit
Financial discipline, budgeting, credit, saving, investment options, world poverty
Unit Six – Theory of the Firm – Part Two  (approx. 4 weeks)
Parent Signature
70 – 79%
**Semester Break**
Ability to effectively combine written explanations and graphical analysis to answer complex economic problems.
2) Earn 70% of the total points in the course.
Unit Two – Supply and Demand (approx. 5 weeks)
** AP Test Review (approx. 3 weeks)
Voice Mail:  632-1600 ext 328
*In order to pass AP Economics, students are required to:
E-mail: mhardy@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Ability to communicate clearly in writing
50%
Textbook: Economics Today, The Micro View by Roger L. Miller. You will keep your textbook at home, and bring it to class when required.
Ability to apply abstract economics principles to real-life situations.
5)
Ability to think critically, draw reasonable conclusions, and support those conclusions.
*Units will include coursework/homework, projects, and tests. The projects and tests will serve as assessments of essential skills and concepts. Coursework/homework is important in helping students to master the concepts and prepare for the AP exam.
Ability to accurately summarize material from a written source.
Projects
Available in room L1 from 12:45 to 3:15 on Blue days, and during lunch and after school on Silver days.
Unit Five – Theory of the Firm –Part One  (approx. 4 weeks)
Coursework/homework
30%
80 – 89%
Non Essential Skill cannot be made up.                                0
The essential concepts of each unit are listed below.  Students must demonstrate a solid understanding of each essential concept in order to pass the course.
*Students absent on the day of a test will be expected to make up that test upon their return.
*Students who are struggling in the course may be transferred out at Mr. Hardy’s discretion.
Below 70% or missing any
1) Demonstrate mastery of all essential skills and concepts. If any skills and concepts have not been mastered when the semester ends, a grade of no credit will be issued, and the student will be transferred out of the course.
Advanced Placement Microeconomics
Demand, supply, changes in demand and supply, price effects, equilibrium, surplus and shortage, price ceilings and floors, profit motive and “the invisible hand”, elasticity, utility, consumer choice
The College Board collects a fee of $89 in order to take the A.P. Exam.  This can be paid any time until February.  Make checks payable to RHS, and turn them in to Mrs. Campbell.
Unit Eight – Efficiency, Equity, and Government Intervention (approx. 2 weeks)
*Clearing a No Mark on a test will NOT change the student’s score on that test.  For example, a score of 55% on a test will remain a 55% even once concepts are cleared for that test.  Do your best the first time!
Types of firms, profits and costs, diminishing returns, short runs vs. long runs, cost curves, marginal revenue and marginal cost,, economics of scale
*Grades will be determined according to the following scale:
Prep/Office Hours:
Excused                                                                                  Ex
Ability to formulate opinions and clearly express them in writing.
Scarcity and a world of trade-offs, opportunity cost, pp curves, cost/benefit analysis, comparative advantage and exchange, marginal thinking, economic systems (market, command, traditional)
Ability to research effectively.
*Each category will contribute to the final grade as follows (approximations):
Unit Four – Freedom and Democracy (approx. 4 weeks)
7)
Unit Seven – Factor Markets  (approx. 3 weeks)
AP Microeconomics satisfies the senior year graduation requirements for social studies.  For most of the year, we will focus on the study of microeconomics, particularly the operation of the free market economy and the theory of the firm.  In doing so, we will prepare for the AP exam in microeconomics.  In addition, the course will include coverage of macroeconomics and American government.
The course may only be dropped in the first three weeks.  Anyone who does not drop during this time must remain in the course, unless Mr. Hardy determines otherwise.
Absent can be made up                                                          Ab
Unit Nine – Personal Finance and Current Economic Issues (approx. 2 weeks)
Additional Information
Student Signature
Unit One – Fundamentals of economics (approx. 4 weeks)
Materials
Unit Three – Macroeconomics (approx. 4 weeks)
Ability to effectively analyze and complete multiple choice problems.
I have read and understand the course syllabus for AP Microeconomics
Essential Skill not passing but must be made-up.                NM
**First Semester Review (approx 1 week)
Not Taken/Not Turned In or No Name                                 Mi  (Missing)
Units/Essential Skills and Concepts
8)
Welcome to AP Econ!  I’m very excited about this class and opportunity to explore economics together.  I hope that we will successfully accomplish three main goals this year.  First of all, each student will gain a significant and meaningful education concerning economics and its centrality in our daily lives and the world around us.  My second goal is that every student would attempt and successfully complete the AP exam.  Thirdly, I really want you to enjoy this class.  I firmly believe that all students learn more when they are enjoying themselves.  I will do all I can to make the course interesting and fun, but your enthusiasm is a vital part of achieving this goal.  Let’s have a memorable and successful year!
Pens, pencils, paper: Come to class prepared each day to take notes. In addition, you should keep graph paper in your notebook.  I recommend, but do not require, that you bring pencils or pens of three different colors for graphing purposes.  Finally, please also have a functioning dry erase (whiteboard) pen, which we will use for in-class review.
APES Calendar
1st Semester Topics
course is to provide students with the
RHS Environmental Science
Mr. Greg Marjama
and to examine alternative solutions for resolving or preventing them
WORLD POPULATION
AP Environmental Science
Daily Agenda's
Tweets by @rhsapes
NGSS
Mr. Bill Kimmel
2nd Semester Topics
AP ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE
scientific principles, concepts, and methodologies required to understand the interrelationships of the natural world, to identify and analyze environmental problems both
natural and human-made, to evaluate the relative risks associated with these problems,
Collegeboard website
RHS APES TWITTER FEED
The goal of the
ccrowe@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Mrs. Colleen Crowe
AP United States Government and Politics
Read More
AP Government Calendar
Icarus
Assignment Calendar
Mr. Trejo
TEACHERS:
Welcome to AP Stats!
To check your grades go here  and get info about the class, go to our Schoology page
-Experiments and Studies
In order to receive a passing grade in AP Statistics, students will need to earn at least a 70% and show mastery on all essential concepts (State Standards). Failure to show mastery on all concepts will result in a final grade of NC. Students will have multiple opportunities to achieve mastery on the essential skills throughout each semester.
- Linear Regression Slope t-tests
Special Problems (10%)
Prep: periods 3and 8
-Displaying and Describing Data
-Probability
OTHER INFORMATION: Statistics is unlike other mathematics offered at Rocklin High School.  Students will be required to completely explain their answers in addition to computations.  The ability to write and communicate statistics effectively is a major component of the AP test and students will be required to demonstrate this ability in this class.  Extra help is available before school, after school on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and other times by appointment.  Parent/ Teacher Communication can be made through email or voicemail.  Email is the preferred method and response time is usually quicker than through a voicemail message.   I am looking forward to a great year and if you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact me.
- Chi-Square Distributions
GRADING SYSTEM:  Students grades will determined as follows
-Standard Normal Calculations
-Least-Squares Regression
AP STATISTICS
- Significance Tests (z and t tests)
Tests (35%)
Quizzes (15%)
MATERIALS:  Students will need a TI-83 or 84 for the AP test and throughout the course.  The students will be able to borrow a calculator during class, but it will be very difficult to complete homework or other projects without a calculator.  In addition, students will need a three-ring binder, composition notebook and graph paper.   Students will also need to pay the AP test fee of $89 by February 1st.  All students in AP classes are highly encouraged to take the AP test.
Phone: 632-1600 x 6086
Essential Skills (30%)
- Confidence Intervals
- Sampling Distributions (Proportions and Means)
-Binomial and Geometric Distributions
AP STATISTICS: This course is designed to teach the equivalent of a college level statistics class over a full year. The topics for AP Statistics are divided into four major themes: exploratory analysis, planning a study, probability, and statistical inference. The curriculum and rigor of the class will be designed to prepare students for success on the AP test.  The essential skills that will be covered in this course are:
o
Email: mtrejo@rocklinusd.org
-Random Variables
Mike Trejo
Homework/Class work (10%)
-Measures of Center and Spread
2013-14
AP College Board Website
AP United States History
College Course Equivalent
The AP U.S. History Course focuses on developing students' understanding of American history from approximately 1491 to the present. The course has students investigate the content of U.S. history for significant events, individuals, developments, and processes in nine historical periods, and develop and use the same thinking skills and methods (analyzing primary and secondary sources, making historical comparisons, chronological reasoning, and argumentation) employed by historians when they study the past. The course also provides seven themes (American and national identity; migration and settlement; politics and power; work exchange and technology; America in the world; geography and the environment; and culture and society) that students explore throughout the course in order to make connections among historical developments in different times and places.
About This Course
AP U.S. History is designed to be the equivalent of a two-semester introductory college or university U.S. history course.
For all course materials, calendars and announcements please see each respective teacher's Schoology page.
Ms. Gillette
You will need a
America's History
SUMMER WORK
5 Subject Spiral Bound notebook
**SUMMER WORK**
, college ruled, 8.5 x 11 dedicated to APUSH
Ch. 1 of the text
and complete the Reading Guide on lined paper. (We will attach the reading notes in notebooks later) Be prepared to take a practice reading quiz on Ch.1 when school starts.
Ch. 2 Reading Guide
Ch. 1 Reading Guide
only
Read
*Please visit your APUSH Schoology page for all materials
APWH
Summer Homework Link
2024-2025 Summer Homework LINK (updated 5/21/2024)
The purpose of the Advanced Placement Modern World History course is to develop a greater understanding of the evolution of global processes and contacts, in interaction with different types of human societies. This understanding is advanced through a combination of selective factual knowledge and appropriate analytical skills. The course highlights the nature of changes in international frameworks and their causes and consequences, as well as comparisons among major societies. It emphasizes relevant factual knowledge used in conjunction with leading interpretive issues and types of historical evidence. The course builds on an understanding of cultural, institutional, and technological precedents that, along with geography, set the human stage. Periodization, explicitly discussed, forms an organizing principle for dealing with change and continuity throughout the course. Specific themes provide further organization to the course, along with consistent attention to contacts among societies that form the core of world history as a field of study. Students who pass the AP exam may receive college credit, advanced placement or both depending on the policies at the specific institution. Students should anticipate nightly reading/assignments. Throughout the year, students will develop skills in SAQs, DBQ and LEQ Essays, stimulus based MCQs, and high level class discussions.
Art 1 Student Work
Art 2
Examples of Art 1 assignments: Pattern Still Life, Color Harmony painting, Grid Portrait, Impressionist Painting and Wacky Room
Advanced Art/ AP Studio Art
>
Art 1 Syllabus
Student Work
6 Players 1st Team All League
3 Players to All-Metro
5 Players going on to play College Sports
Varsity Roster
2024 JV Schedule
6 Players to All-League
2024 Varsity Schedule
2021 Season Highlights
This element applies a background image to the page this is placed on.
SFL Champions
Senior Night
NorCal Tournament Appearance
Record 10-5 in league with 1st Place Finish in SFL
Frosh Roster
Loyal Sponsors
Athletics Home
2024 Frosh Soph Schedule
SFL Co-MVP Cash Brennan
JV Roster
Alumni to Play College or Professional
All 13 Seniors moving on to College or Service
Rocklin Baseball Field
MaxPreps
2024 Season Highlights
Coaching Staff
2 Players 2nd Team All League
2024 Fall Ball
Record 11-4 in league with 1st Place Finish in SFL
CLICK HERE FOR 2024 FALL BALL INFORMATION
SJS Div 1 Section Runner Up
2024 Fall Baseball Information
registered in FinalForms
In order to receive future communications about Fall Baseball and Rocklin Baseball, please make sure that you are
There will be a sign up meeting on Friday Aug 22 after school. More details to come on time and place of the meeting.
Fall baseball for Rocklin HS will begin on Monday, Sept 2, and run through the end of October.
and indicate baseball in the Spring.
Cell Number- (916)847-4904
Alan Palmer- Freshmen Assistant Coach
Scott Clemmer- Freshmen Assistant Coach
Coach Palmer has coached 4 seasons at Rocklin High School. He graduated from Chaffey High School in 1976 where he played three years of baseball missing his senior season due to elbow and wrist surgery. He has coached a variety of youth baseball of various age groups ranging from 10-12 thru 15-16 year old with a  coaching highlight being the Junior Western Little League Regionals in Vancouver, Washington. Coach Palmer and his wife Mary have been Rocklin residents since 1995 having one son Jason who played four years at Rocklin High as a pitcher from 2012 thru 2015. Their son Jason graduated from San Diego in 2019. Mary Palmer has also sponsored a yearly Rocklin Varsity baseball scholarship started in memory of her mother starting in 2015 thru present. Coach Palmer has previously worked for the WAC, BWC and Pac-12 baseball conferences as a paid observer. He is looking forward to the 2022 season and working with the new incoming freshman to the Rocklin Baseball program while continuing to improve and expand on his coaching knowledge.
Welcome.
Email- danielsclemmer@gmail.com
Rocklin High School welcomes Matt Jones to the RHS Family.  Matt comes to Rocklin after stints at UCLA, UC Irvine and Sierra College.
Coach Clemmer began coaching at Rocklin High School in the spring of 2006. He came to Rocklin with a background of coaching youth baseball for more than 15 years and serving on the Board of Directors for both Rocklin Little League and Rocklin PONY Baseball. He moved to Rocklin in 1995, with his wife; Paula, and his three sons; Daniel, Chris, and Cory. Paula owns and operates a local Preschool in Rocklin where she enjoys teaching and interacting with the children and families of Rocklin and the surrounding communities. All three of his sons have played within the baseball program at Rocklin High. Daniel, his oldest son, is the current Head Coach of the freshman team. Coach Clemmer is looking forward to his 17
Daniel Clemmer- Freshmen Head Coach
Contact Information:
Matt Jones- Varsity Head Coach
Coach Daniel Clemmer is a native to Rocklin and graduated from Rocklin High School in 2002.  At Rocklin he played baseball all four years as a second baseman and left fielder. It was during this time that Daniel fostered his passion for baseball and coaching. After graduating from UC Santa Barbara he returned to Rocklin and began coaching as an assistant coach for the freshman team in 2010. In 2017 he was promoted to his current position as Freshman Head Coach.  Daniel truly has a passion for working with young players, teaching them the game of baseball while translating it to life lessons.  Coach Clemmer excitedly awaits the 2022 season and is thankful to be able to coach alongside his father Coach Scott Clemmer.
year in the RHS Baseball program.
Green Acres
The Brass Tap
Buca Di Beppo
McCormick & Schmick
Segway Santa Cruz Tours
Goodyear Tire
Lucille's
Chang Bros.
Lizard Skin
FrankienJill
Anda's Flowers
Coca Cola
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Gabrielle Rasi
Pier 39
Pet Food Express
Rodan & Fields by Gina DeLucci
U Functional Training
Cool River Pizza
San Francisco's Beach Blanket Babylon
Xtreme Craze
Oakland Raider's
Dickey's BBQ Pit
Hanford Sand and Gravel- Chris Hyde
9 Round Kickboxing
ABC Supply Co
Peppermill Resort Spa Casino
Hofman Chiropractic
Nails Advantage
Rocklin Little League
Red Robin
SF 49ers
Zito's Photo's
SaveMart
Pottery World
Mikuni's
Studio Movie Grill
Home Depot
Rubio's
SF Zoo
Jersey Mikes
Medical Dynamics Inc.
Venita Rhea's
David Girard Vineyards
Helwig Winery
Denio's - Jeff Ronten
Bubbles and Bliss
Big Spoon Yogurt
Mark and Jadie Cook
Arena Softball
Body Heat
Peony Caravan/ Kim Dace
Flame and Fire
Wines for Humanity
Rocklin High School Basketball
California Family Fitness
True Rest Float Spa
Roseville Meat Company
Planet Paintball
Starbuck's
Owings Martial Arts
FnG's Taphouse (dba Pizza Place)
Board and Brush
Cache Creek Casino Resort
Evoshield
Scribner's Bend Winery
A HUGE THANK YOU TO ALL OUR SPONSORS
Cinemark
Lombardi Wines
Loomis Basin
Napa Valley Bike Tours
Zuda Yoga
Sacramento Zoo
Willow Rock Pet Hospital
Menchie's
RC Willey
Total Wine
Code Ninjas
Rubino's
Mark and Karie Dionne
Golfland Sunsplash
Maggie Lloyd
Four Sisters Cafe
Stacy Divine
Blaze Pizza
Courtney Anne Photography
Tropical Smoothie Cafe
Knee Deep
Rowdie Threads
Jim and Carla Dennis
Big 5 Sporting Goods
Boreal
Catta Verdera
Just Breathe Wellness Center
Nothing Bundt Cakes
Dawn's Dream Winery
Monterey Bay Aquarium
Rocklin High School Sober Grad Night
Sutter Street Theatre
Tan It with Janet
Mary Kay
Round Table
Chili's
Morgan Creek Golf Club
Jack's Urban Eats
Woodcreek Golf Club
Baskin Robbins
Chipotle
Disneyland
Sierra View Country Club
Wally's Cafe
Smash Burger
Cherry Island Golf Course
Moniz Family Wines
Masckara Beauty by Jennifer Varanini Sanchez
Davis Dean Cellars
Island's Restaurant
Darkhorse Golf Club
Yocha Dehe GOlf Club
Five Star Auto Center
Zocola
Erika at iSpahhh at Abielle Salon
Craft Beer Vault
Quarry Park Adventures
Do or Dye Salon
Mooyah
Crooked Lane Brewing Company
Old Town Pizza
Rodan & Fields by Jill Meggers
SF Giants
AMF Bowling
Shari's Berries
Teal Bend Golf Club
Big Mountain - Scott Murray
Haggin Oaks/Alister MacKenzie
Alexander and Martin Orthodontist
Don Quixote's
Safeway
Divine Nails
Scott Harvey Wines
Napa Valley Seqway Tours
Madison Bats
Pairings
Pete's Restaurant & Brewhouse
Revoluntion Winery and Kitchen
River Cats
Tilden Park Golf Course
Dobra Zemlja
Chick-Fil-A
Desiree Calloway
Newman Lasik
US Nails
Godiva
Atlantis Casino
Trader Joe's
Granite Rock Grill
Pescatore Vineyard & Winery
Whitney Oaks Golf Club
Sacramento River Cats
Audra Branco
Tri-City Little League
Noodles Word Kitchen
Sac Republic
CA Academy of Science
California Backyard
In N Out
Lifetime
Rocklin High School Football
jetBlue
Tahoe Joe's
Rudy Lucero
Empire Ranch
Joli Nail Spa
Dick's Sporting Goods
Dana Wergedal
Gallo Wines
Cheesecake factory
D&D Logowear
Gilroy Gardens
Cheri McClaughry
Styled by Shayna Marie
RHS BIOLOGY
Mrs. Kristin Hamm
Biology Calendar
California State Standards
Biology Teachers
pursue Advanced Biology credit with teacher approval by completing additional work beyond the regular Biology
Hello Bio Kids! Welcome to the RHS Biology Home Page!
Ms. Shannon Jimenez
Second semester
Grades
Mr. Paul Morrison
Kimmel Biology Agendas
This laboratory science course studies the main concepts of biology with emphasis on the following: introduction
Mrs. Michelle DeMaria
curriculum.  Please note that students will be placed in a regular Biology class on their schedule and will need
to work with the teacher to earn Advanced Biology credit.
First semester
CK-12 Textbook
Are you ready to explore...LIFE?? Sounds fun, huh? Well we are here to inspire, to inform, and to get you thinking like a scientist. Get ready!
to Biochemistry, the Cell, Ecology, Genetics, and Evolution.  Students will have the opportunity to
Next Generation National Science Standards
Systems of specialized cells within organisms help them
conditions within certain limits and mediate behaviors, allowing

molecules. Genes are regions in the DNA that contain the
organization, in which any one system is made up of numerous
out most of the work of cells. (HS-LS1-1) (Note: This
Feedback mechanisms maintain a living system’s i
nternal
change within some range. Feedback mechanisms can
Multicellular organisms have a hierarchical structural
instructions that code for the formation of proteins, which carry
encourage (through positive feedback) or discourage (negative
All cells contain genetic information in the form of DNA
it to remain alive and functional even as external conditions
DNA to Organism
perform the essential functions of life. (HS-LS1-1)
parts and is itself a component of the next level. (HS-LS1-2)
feedback) what is going on inside the living system. (HS-LS1-3)
Heredity
Disciplinary Core Idea is also addressed by HS-LS3-1.)
Student Project
Ecology
Evolution
Kanyon Rice - 1st Team All League & 3rd Team All Metro
Rocklin Wins the SFL with an 8-2 record!
Josiah Andrews - 1st Team All League & 4th Team All Metro
2024 SENIORS
ABC 10 Studios
Rocklin Basketball Club Registration
Kaimuki Invitational (HI) Champs!
Boys Basketball
Emmanual Akpan - 2nd Team All League
Schedule
Connor Bow, Isaiah Elston - 2nd Team All League
Little Thunder Basketball
Darius Kendall - League MVP
Summer Camp
28-4 overall record
Mark Lavrenov (10) patrolling the paint
2023-2024 Rocklin Basketball Varsity Team
JV Tournament Draw
Tryout/Practice Calendar
SFL CHAMPS!
Rocklin Basketball Club Info
MaxPreps Results
Handre Reinecke, Donovan Lopez - 1st Team All League
Mark Lavrenov - SFL CO-MVP & 1st Team All Metro
2019-2020 SFL CO-CHAMPIONS
Thunder Golf Tournament
Kainoa Marasco - 1st Team All League
Rocktown Ballers Payment Center
2024 SFL CHAMPIONS
Mark Lavrenov (11), Josiah Andrews (10), Kanyon Rice (12)
D1 CIF STATE Tournament Qualifier
D1 CIF SJS Semi-Finalist
Tweets by Rocklinsports
Little Thunder Jan - Feb each season!
History of Rocklin Basketball
Mark Lavrenov (11) slams one down
Josiah Andrews (10) and Tommy Baird (12)
Important Info
Varsity Head Coach
JV ASST COACH
Varsity Assistant
JV HEAD COACH
FROSH HEAD COACH
Evan Gustafson
2023-2024
Handre Reinecke
Mark Gordon
Jason Perry
Zach Phares
-Mark Lavrenov - SFL CO-MVP & 1st Team All Metro
SFL Champs 8-2
-Kainoa Marasco - 1st Team All League
-D1 CIF STATE Tournament Qualifier
-Josiah Andrews - 1st Team All League & 4th Team All Metro
-Connor Bow, Isaiah Elston - 2nd Team All League
-Started the season with 23 straight victories (School Record)
-Kanyon Rice - 1st Team All League & 3rd Team All Metro
Team Achievements
2023-2024 Varsity Team
-D1 CIF SJS Semi-Finalist
-Coach Taylor gets his 500th career win
-2023-2024 SFL CHAMPIONS
-Winners of 3 tournaments (Rocklin Tip Off, Kaimuki Invitational, Yuba College)
2023-2024 Results
Individual Achievements
2016-Present
Coach Steve Taylor is back at the helm where he has added two more SFL Championships, numerous SJS playoff wins, and multiple Norcal playoff wins. Coach Taylor eclipsed the 500 career win mark in 2024 while guiding the Thunder to a SFL Championship, and D1 SJS Semi-Finals appearance, and a Norcal tournament appearance.
Rocklin Basketball began its HUSTLE roots in 1993 when Coach Steve Taylor became the first Head Basketball coach when Rocklin HS opened. Coach Taylor grew up in the Rocklin area and attended Roseville HS where he played Football and Basketball. He then went on to play basketball at Fresno Pacific University. He began his teaching career in the Clovis/Fresno area before moving back to Rocklin to become the inaugural Head Coach.
2010-2012
1993 - 2010
Coach Michael Lorente became the 2nd coach in Rocklin Basketball history. He coached for 2 years before leaving RHS.
Coach Casey Cutts, a former player of Coach Taylor, became the 3rd coach in Rocklin Basketball history. Coach Cutts played at Rocklin from 2001-2004 and left his coaching duties in 2016 after 4 years in the lead.
2012-2016
Where it all began...
The Rocklin High School Boys & Girls Basketball Teams and Coaching Staff would like to invite your son and daughter to participate in our Little Thunder Basketball Camp and Developmental League.
Grades K-4 (Boys) / K-6 (Girls) will be offered January-February.
Informational Flyer
Late Registraion will be January 6th at 8:00 am (BOYS) and 10:00 am (GIRLS)
Questions email: staylor@rocklinusd.org (boys) / rocklincoachjenna@gmail.com (girls)
Uniform Shorts Only $37.50 USD
Hooded Sweatshirt $20.00 USD
Uniform Jersey Only $37.50 USD
Uniform Top and Bottom $75.00 USD
Athlete's Last Name
RBC 3rd 6th Grade Fee $295.00 USD
Athlete's Grade
T shirt $10.00 USD
Season Fees, Uniforms, Assorted Gear
RBC 7th 8th Grade Fee $245.00 USD
Saturday, October 21st, 2023 @ the Whitney Oaks Golf Club
Shotgun Start @ 9:00 am
2023 Rocklin Thunder Basketball Golf Tournament
Cost: $125 per person
Breakfast & Lunch / Raffle Prizes / Silent Auction Items
If you need more info, please email Steve Taylor at
Prizes for the top 3 finishers
**  All proceeds benefit the Rocklin High School Boys Basketball Program.
Sponsorship Opportunities
Tournament T-shirt, Hat, Balls / Closest to the Pin and Long Drive Contests
Tournament Sponsorship Information
2 Person Scramble Format
Event Sponsorship Levels:
Tournament T-Shirt Sponsor with business name and logo on the back
Season pass to RHS Basketball Games
Use the link below to donate. We have our tax ID ready for you to write off your donation!
If you have a donation for the Silent Auction or any questions please contact Steve Taylor at staylor@rocklinusd.org
GOLF TOURNAMENT
Tournament Golf Ball sleeves with your business logo on them.
Tournament Hat Sponsor with business name and logo on front
Tournament Sponsorships ($1500)
Breakfast & Lunch | Raffle | Silent Auction to Follow
Blue Sponsorship ($1000)
Want To Just Donate To The Program?
Silent Auction Donation
Whitney Oaks Golf Club | 2305 Clubhouse Dr. Rocklin, CA 95765
October 21st, 2023
Become a Sponsor of the
Three Options:
Foursome in the golf tournament
1 year Banner in the Gym for all Events
Sponsorship Confirmation and Payment: Click Here
Event Information
***All Tournament Sponsorships include:
Foursome in Tournament
2023 ROCKLIN THUNDER BASKETBALL
If you want set up a booth at a hole to talk with community members and solicit your business, let us know!
October 21st, 2023 | 9:00 am Shotgun Start
Hole Sponsorship ($125)
1 year gym banner
Frosh/Soph
JV
Varsity
To view a specific level of play, select team(s) from drop down menu next to "Agenda" in upper right corner of calendar.
SFL Winners
Thunder Invitational
Records
Photo Gallery
Golf Links
Player/Parent Forms
2022 Boys Varsity Golf wins the SFL for Third Year in A Row
<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vQS3PnLM92aOzszPctJzBm6gRz4IXISVqvQin5TGKzZcXocbY8nqzKJ5R7ECI6SJsbGUj5WUrSkvQat/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe>
Varsity Coach - Tim Hurrianko
This is my 24th year coaching golf at Rocklin High school, and it's been one of the highlights of my teaching career. I have had the privilege of working with a plethora of wonderful young men, some of whom have went on to successful collegiate careers, and one now on the Korn Ferry Tour. Golf is a wonderful metaphor for life, and it has privided a lifetime of memories thanks to these wonderful players.
Spectator Guidelines
CIF/RHS Codes of Conduct
Social Media Policy
Dress Code
Spectator Policy
Contact Coach Hurrianko - thurrianko@rocklinusd.org - for info
2023-24 Schedule
Frosh/Soph Roster
Boys Soccer
Training Schedule
3v3 U9-U11 Tournament
Any Questions please contact
Bart Paduveris - bpaduveris@rocklinusd.org
Due to extenuating circumstances the 2024 event has been canceled.  We will look to bring the event back later in the year.
JV Assistants
Keegan Lewis
FROSH/SOPH HEAD COACH
Spencer Brooks
Joey Tappero
Frosh/Soph Assistant/Program Goalkeeper Trainer
Ross Buchholz
JV Head Coach
rbuchholz@rocklinusd.org
Grayson Romig
gromig@rocklinusd.org
bfritsch@rocklinusd.org
Bryan Fritsch
SFL Standings
Results
Kate Mitchell, Varsity Head Coach
Taylor Garcia - JV Coach
RHS Boys Volleyball Calendar
Boys Volleyball
tgarcia@rocklinusd.org
Kate Mitchell graduated from Rocklin High School in 2014 and played volleyball all four years, three years on Varsity. She played volleyball for four years at Southwestern University in Texas and graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics.  She returned to Rocklin and started coaching in the girls volleyball program in 2018. Kate has also been a coach for the Rocklin Volleyball Club program. In addition, she began working with the boys varsity program as an assistant coach in 2019 and will be continuing that role this year (2024) in a larger capacity.  She is enthusiastic about coaching volleyball and is an amazing asset to our program!
Tryout / Parent Info Meeting
Boys Volleyball Practice Starts Feb. 5
RHS Boys Volleyball
Thunder Youth Water Polo Camp Registration
Fundraising
2024 Game Schedule
Practice Schedule
Coaches Info
Apparel
Boys Water Polo
Remind 101
Photos
Hudl
RHS Summer Water Polo Registration
Honors/Awards
Team Store
Varsity Coaches:
Noah Scholar
Head Coach - Scott Bergemann - sbergemann@rocklinusd.org - (916) 769-0692
Asst Coach - Kristin Hamm - khamm@rocklinusd.org
Johnathan Frink
I began playing Water Polo at 13 years old, two weeks before competing in my first Junior Olympic Tournament. Fortunately, I had been swimming since the age of 5, providing me with a solid foundation for the game. I continued to play at Woodcreek HS, as well as year around with a competitive club. I went on to play at Cal Lutheran University, where I earned a B.A. in English, eventually adding a Masters in Education. I now work as a teacher here at Rocklin High School in the Social Studies Department. In addition to RHS Water Polo, I also coach for the California Republic Club Program in an effort to help student-athletes reach their greatest potential while competing at the highest level.
Jack Wildenradt - jack.wildenradt@gmail.com
JV/FS Coaches:
Water Polo Wish List
Fundraising Options
Water Polo Ball Plaque
Team Honors/Awards
Individual Honors/Awards
JV Team Code: a1eu5kf
Varsity Team Code:
Registration Page: hudl.com/jointeam
zv46fnb
Eddie Hill - 2nd Team Division I All Section, 1st Team All SFL
Kale Irby - 1st Team All SFL
Aaron Ryu - 2nd Team All SFL
Cameron Reed - 2nd Team Division I All Section, 1st Team All SFL
Kaleb Donets - Honorable Mention All SFL
Jack Mangelsdorf - 1st Team All SFL
Charlie Even - Honorable Mention All SFL
Section Champs 2021!!!
The Villas at Stanford Ranch
Dynamic Mobility
Meet Our Generous Corporate Sponsors
Rhett Wildenradt - 2nd Team All SFL
Rocklin Dental
Rocklin Kids Dentist
Morgan Madril - All-American, 1st Team Division I All Section, SFL MVP
Joey Alexander - Honorable Mention All SFL
Finley Pest Control
2022 Individual Honors
Clovis Tournament
Jack Kimmel - 2nd Team Division I All Section, 1st Team All SFL
SunBelt Rentals
Undefeated SFL Champs!
Micah Anderson - 2nd Team All SFL
Dallin Poduska - All-American?, 1st Team Division I All Section, 1st Team All SFL
Jonah Smith - 2nd Team All SFL
Varsity Boys Water Polo: text @vboyswp to the number 81010
JV Boys Water Polo: text @jvboyswp to the number 81010
Career Exploration
College Admissions Professionals
College Planning
Military and ASVAB Information
in a safe and welcoming environment!
Assist-A-Grad
FREQUENTLY VISITED WEBSITES:
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS:
UC Application
Receive Updates Through RHS College and Career Remind
College Reps Enter Here to Schedule Your Visits!
The Rocklin High School College and Career Center is pleased and proud to serve
Sierra College
Junior Rocklin Summer Civic Program
Transcripts
How do I apply for scholarships?
counselor?
How do I send my transcript to a college?
CSU Apply
Attend a College Rep Visit
How do I register for the SAT/ACT?
College Board (SAT)
The College and Career Center is located to the right of the main library entrance off the amphitheatre in the center of campus. On this website you will find lots of information about career exploration and college planning. If you do not see what you are looking for, please contact Rachel Lund in the College and Career Center:
How do I get a work permit?
How do I get a letter of recommendation from a teacher or
ALL students
ACT
How do I take a class at Sierra College as a high school student?
College & Career Center Remind:
WELCOME TO THE ROCKLIN HIGH SCHOOL COLLEGE AND CAREER CENTER
College & Career Center Calendar
Schedule Meetings
QUICK LINKS:
The Common Application
rlund@rocklinusd.org
Schedule a Meeting
Text:  @rocklinccc to 81010
Letters of Recommendation
FAFSA/CADAA
SAT/ACT
***SUMMER 2024 Work Permit Processing***
FAFSA
Outside Scholarship List
Walk-in hours: Monday - Friday during Brunch/Break and Lunch
Rocklin Unified School District has two exploration platforms that we encourage our students to utilize.  They both offer career exploration and assessments.
In order for your student to utilize Scoir through Rocklin Unified School District they need to create an account through a link that is sent to them through RHS.
Student instructions to create your account.
ssessments can serve to help students learn about their interests and discover where they may fit in terms of professional occupations. Personal assessments serve to help students narrow their options to a group of potential career choices. This allows students to do more thorough research on occupations before they make a decision about which to pursue.
e have found online search tools to be very convenient and beneficial.
Online programs are fun to play around with and explore.
(can not be taken until Sophmore year):
CaliforniaColleges.edu
Career exploration
They can not just register on the Scoir website they need to register through the link given to them.  Otherwise they will not be linked correctly through their school.
SCOIR
Tools for the college and career search process have progressed significantly over the years. W
.  If you do not have access to RepVisits please email me at rlund@rocklinusd.org.  We look forward continuing to build connections between our school and yours!
RepVisits
Thank you for your interest in Rocklin High School students. We value the information you are able to provide to both our students and our staff and your partnership is greatly appreciated.  If you are a college admissions professional and you would like to schedule a visit to our campus please use Counselor Community
Appealing to Colleges
Appealing to a College
Always present your appeal as additional information that may show you as a stronger candidate than your original application alone. Things like your desire, statistics that show you are within their range of accepted students, the fact that your best friend got in, or that Stanford accepted you do not show that you are a stronger candidate than perceived by your application. Remember that your original application was thoroughly considered, so do not repeat information that was included there.
Reasons That Might Work For an Appeal
You got accepted to more competitive schools. Every school evaluates applicants in their own unique way. What other schools have decided has no bearing on your admission.
If your school outlines a specific process for appeals and you feel that you fit the requirements, then go for it, but stick to their guidelines. If they only allow appeals for very specific circumstances that do not apply to you, don’t waste everyone’s time trying to fit a round peg in a square hole.
You have new and compelling information that was not included on your application. Perhaps you have retaken the SAT or ACT since your application and now have a significantly higher score. Maybe you have been granted an important award or honor since your application was submitted.
If you have a reason to appeal that you feel is worthy and your school allows for appeals, here are some tips:
here was a mistake on your application that needs to be corrected. Was a score or grade reported incorrectly?
Inappropriate Reasons to Appeal
Obtain and include a letter of recommendation from someone (not a family member) who can confirm the new information that you are presenting and attest to the likelihood of your success at the college level.
Hopefully you built a great list of colleges to apply to that included safety schools that you would be happy to attend. If not, all is not lost. It is not too late to apply to community college or schools with rolling admission.
Accept an offer at a school that has accepted you and move on before deadlines pass. Expect a “no” answer from your appeal and prepare to go elsewhere. Start arranging housing and attend admitted student events at the school from which you have accepted an offer. If you get your decision changed, it will be a nice surprise, but if not (which is far more likely) you will be ready and excited to attend the next best college for you!
The process of accepting and declining applicant students is an arduous one for admissions departments. Many schools receive far more qualified applicants than they have room for and difficult decisions must be made. If you have received a rejection notice but think that you are qualified, you probably want to argue your case. But first, do some research and think about your specific situation.
You have overcome a significant hardship of which you did not make the admission department aware in your application. If you had a major health issue your sophomore year that led to missing many days resulting in lowered grades, you may want to explain that. Reasons need to be significant though, such as illness, death in the family, etc. “I was just not motivated, but now I am” is not a significant reason.
Address your letter to the correct person/department. Your school may have specific instructions for this. If not, addressing the letter to your local admissions representative is an excellent choice. You may be able to find that information on the college website or from the College and Career Center at your high school. If that information is not available, look for an address for a dean of admissions or a generic address for the admissions department.
Your grades the first semester of your senior year show a significant improvement from the transcript that you submitted with your application. Some schools may consider this as new and compelling information while others may not. In either case, your current grades would need to be considerably better than the past grades that you submitted in your application and you should include some reason for the improvement as evidence that you would be able to sustain those higher grades in college. If your grades have always been good and you have kept them up again in the fall of your senior year, this is not new information.
Scholarships & Financial Aid
College Planning Workshops
Read your rejection letter carefully for clues as to why you were not accepted. Some schools use the same general letter for everyone, but some will individualize these. If you know the reasons, be sure to address them in your appeal if you have new evidence that better supports you as a candidate.
Application Deadlines
You don’t think the decision is fair. College admission doesn’t have to be fair and you likely do not have all of the information that went into this decision. This is your opinion and appeals need to be made based on facts.
Keep it brief (unlike this document). With the ease of online applications, the number of students applying to nearly all schools continues to rise. With that means more rejections and more appeals. Admissions reps have just spent a significant amount of time pouring over applications, and now they are being asked to do it again with the appeals. Make sure your letter is personal, but also brief and to the point. If it is too long, begging, or presenting irrelevant information, it is unlikely to help your situation.
Check out the school’s admission department webpage or call to get information on appeals. Some schools do not accept them at all, some outline a very specific process and some give no information on the subject at all.
Students with lower GPA and/or test scores were admitted but you were not. There are often MANY factors other than GPA and test scores that go into admissions decisions. It is not uncommon for this to happen.
College Admission Waitlists & Appeals
If your school does not accept appeals, then your best option is to start looking at their transfer requirements and plan to apply again in a few years as a transfer student. Of course you could take a gap year and apply again as a freshman next year, but if your application wouldn’t change in that period of time, your chances of getting in likely wouldn’t either.
This is your first choice school and it has always been your dream to attend. This does not add anything to your application and tells the admission department nothing new about you. They assume you want to attend because you submitted your application in the first place. Schools do not admit students based on their desire alone.
Be sure and thank the reader for the time already spent reviewing your initial application and the opportunity to present more information. Never tell them that they have made a mistake or that you disagree with their decision.
Good Reasons to Appeal
If the school does not give much in the way of guidelines, here are some things to consider:
Do it right away. Some schools will list deadlines for appeals and some will not. In either case, for the best chance of getting your decision reversed, get it in as early as possible.
Applying to Colleges
Early Decision
UC Applications
Private and Out of State Schools
Available 8/01/2023,
Dates will Vary. Check school websites carefully.
Students may only apply early decision to one school.
Available 10/01/2023, due by 11/30/2023
This is a binding application.
applications and attend this school.
Early Action
This is a non-binding application.
Application decision from school comes early,
CSU Applications
Students able to apply early action to several schools.
If accepted, student must withdraw any other
Submission window 10/01/2023 - 11/30/2023
but student's decision to attend is not due until May 1.
Early action and early decision programs require students to submit their applications on an earlier deadline than regular admission. Decisions on early action and early decision applications are typically made in December, giving students a larger amount of time to plan for enrollment in the fall. If you are considering early decision, make sure that you are prepared to attend that particular school regardless of what financial aid package you are offered. An early decision applicant will not have the ability to compare financial aid packages from other schools prior to accepting an offer.
The unfortunate reality is that most students placed on a waiting list, do not eventually get and acceptance letter. You should plan to move forward with a school that has accepted you so that you do not miss important deadlines. If you do eventually get accepted from the waiting list, you will need to consider the amount of deposit money you will be forfeiting at the school you have already accepted admission to as well as if any important financial aid, housing or registrations dates have passed at the wait-list school. You will need to weigh anything that you may be missing out on because of your late acceptance. The College Board has published a nice article outlining what to do and how to better your chances of being accepted from a waiting list. You can read that article
Considering appealing a college admissions decision?
Have you received a rejection letter from your dream school? Are you thinking about appealing? If so, click
to view some information to consider and tips on writing your letter should you decide it is the right thing to do.
Have you been placed on a college admissions waiting list?
Application Workshops
Don't Worry, You've Got This!
College Admission Waitlists and Appeals
Schedule 1-on-1 Meetings with College and Career Center Staff
Applying to college can be a daunting task, but you don't have to do it alone! Take advantage of the MANY resources available in the College and Career Center. Pre-recorded workshops will post here throughout the fall and you can also register for live webinars, drop-in Q&A, or application essay review sessions. One-on-one meetings can also be booked with college and career center staff to assist you. Don't be afraid to contact college admission reps at the schools you are interested in. Their entire purpose is to help you get admitted. Everyone wants to see you succeed, so reach out, rally your support team and get to work together!
Financial Aid and Scholarships
If you need a letter of recommendation from a school staff member for a college application, scholarship, or program application, please complete the form below and give it to them along with a copy of your transcript and your extra-curricular activities resume. Make sure you give them plenty of time (at least 2 weeks), because these things tend to be seasonal and teachers are often asked to write them for several students. It is always best to have a conversation with the teacher regarding what the letter is needed for and which of your attributes they should focus the letter on. It may feel like bragging, but understanding what exactly you need in the letter will really help the teacher give you the best recommendation possible.
Letter of Recommendation Request Form
2023-2024 Workshops
Will be added soon!
We host a college fair each fall in collaboration with other local high schools.
Our 2023 College Fair will be at Del Oro on October 16, 2023
for additional information.
Please see this flyer
College Fairs
How big (or small) are the classes?
The most critical thing to consider when looking at colleges is the match between college and student. Finding a college that offers a major you want is great, but chances are your interests and major will change before you graduate. Make sure the school is a good fit and feel for all of your needs, not just academic.
Scoir includes great college research and application tools that all students should explore!
The answer to these questions will be different for every student, so it is strongly advised that students make independent decisions and not be influenced by where their friends are applying.
HERE ARE SOME MORE GREAT WEBSITES FOR RESEARCHING COLLEGES
AVOID RANKING WEBSITES AND PUBLICATIONS. THEIR DATA CAN BE SKEWED OR MISLEADING AND OFTEN THEIR CRITERIA ARE IRRELEVANT TO YOUR SPECIFIC NEEDS AND INTERESTS. JUST BECAUSE A PUBLICATION THINKS A SCHOOL IS GREAT DOES NOT MEAN THAT IT IS GREAT FOR YOU. YOU GET TO DETERMINE THAT FOR YOURSELF AND CREATE YOUR OWN RANKINGS!
What is the distance from home?
Scoir (pronounced like "score") is our college and career research platform. Every Rocklin High School student has an account and just needs to activate it through the invitation in their Rocklin USD email. If the invitation has expired, please email the college and career center to request a new one.
What is the weather like?
Do most students live on or off campus?
What sports and clubs are available?
Can I get in to this school? Can I afford to attend this school?
How many students are there?
WUE
Consider things like:
College Night
From beginning the college search through the application process, we are here to help. Please browse through the pages below for help and information or schedule an appointment with the college and career center staff to discuss your future dreams!
to request a meeting.
Waitlists and Appeals
In addition to workshops, students may make appointments for individual meetings with Mrs. Lund. Please click
College Admissions Rep Visits
Email Mrs. Lund if you have any questions:  rlund@rocklinusd.org
).
Thanks to the very generous donors throughout our community, Rocklin High School is able to offer our Assist-a-Grad in-house scholarship program for our graduating seniors.The Assist-a-Grad scholarship program opens November 29, 2023.
Assist-a-Grad
This is an excellent opportunity for seniors to earn scholarships from our local community members.  Applications are due by 4:00 pm on January 11, 2024.
Students were sent an email with links and all of the information including, an overview and instructional video, application instructions, forms, and the Assist-a-Grad scholarship list (
please note senior students must be logged into their RUSD account to access
(in order to be eligible for a Cal Grant).  Be sure to check the financial aid page of each college where you are applying to see if they have any earlier financial aid deadlines of their own. The website to complete your FAFSA is
Time:  6:00-8:00 pm
Your Social Security Number
Note:
Federal Student Aid
Determine dependency status and who is a contributor
Location:  Rocklin High School Library
April 2, 2024
You can visit the
federal income tax returns, W-2s, and other records of money earned. (
: If you have a sibling who attended college before you, your parent or guardian may already have a StudentAid.gov Account/FSA ID.
Your Alien Registration Number (if you are not a U.S. citizen)
The CADAA application is for immigrant students who do not qualify for federal student aid. If you are unsure which application is for you, check out
. The "FA" is FAFSA stands for "Free Application" so if you are asked to pay a fee to submit your FAFSA, you are not on the official government site. The website to complete your California Dream Act Application is
Helpful Resources:
.  The student and all contributors need a StudentAid.gov Account/FSA ID (go to
page, where you can view trending FAFSA topics, browse FAQs, search for more information, or select “Contact Us.”
Date:  January 17, 2024
Bank statements and records of investments (if applicable)
What does completing the FAFSA/CADAA do for me?
December 2023
Flyer:
financial aid, many schools also use your FAFSA/CADAA information to qualify you for their institutional aid. The FAFSA can also provide a safety net of available loans or the ability to reconsider aid packages if a family's financial situation changes during the school year. It is recommended that ALL college bound students complete a FAFSA. Completing the application does not commit you to accepting any type of aid. Explore the links below to learn more.
California Student Aid Commission
FAFSA/CADAA WORKSHOP (Presented by Sierra College and RHS):
www.fafsa.gov
studentaid.gov
2022
Registration:
Records of untaxed income (if applicable)
You may be able to transfer your federal tax return information into your FAFSA using the IRS Data Retrieval Tool.)
Create your StudentAid.gov Account/FSA ID
Each contributor will need this information to complete the application
this document
To complete your FAFSA, you will need the following
Your
Frequently Asked Questions about the Changes to the 2024/2025 FAFSA and CADAA
FAFSA/CADAA workshop
The 2024-2025 FAFSA and California Dream Act Application (CADAA) become available in
and click “Create Account” in the upper right-hand corner).
“FAFSA Help”
and must be completed by
and/or state
In addition to qualifying you for federal
www.dream.csac.ca.gov
**Please note
Click here to register
Resource Page
two years free
SCHOLARSHIPS AND FINANCIAL AID
Financial aid
Loans: Both subsidized and unsubsidized
: Awarded on special ability, academic achievement, religious affiliation, ethnic background, special interest, or random drawing; Student will not have to pay back a scholarship.
Scholarships
Education Loans
grant for California students attending community colleges. Financial Aid is designed to supplement the amount you and your family contribute. There are four basic types of financial aid and they start with FAFSA or California Dream Act Application.
: Awarded Based on Need; Student will not have to pay back a grant.
Money that the student will need to pay back includes
Work Study
- Unsubsidized: Student is responsible for the cost of interest while in school.
: A federal program offering part-time jobs both on and off campus. The student will not repay work-study funds because they are trading work for financial aid.
WHAT IS FINANCIAL AID?
must
: Funds borrowed from a financial institution or the federal government. Student
is money that students receive to succeed in college, and that may come in the form of grants, scholarships, loans, or work-study. This includes the
- Subsidized: Government pays interest while the student is in school.
repay educational loans, usually with interest.
Scholarship Websites
--------------------------------------------------------------
Grants
Big Future
(for undocumented students)
"We'll do the work for you ... for a fee." The fee may be nominal and the offer may come from someone who sounds official. So make sure you do your research before paying anyone to do a search for you.
"You're a finalist!" or "You've won!" a contest or scholarship you never entered. Be wary, especially if they ask you for a credit card or bank account number to hold your "winnings." Don't believe it. You must apply for scholarships first to receive them.
When searching for scholarships online, beware of scams...
Immigrant Rising
NEVER PAY ANYONE FOR SCHOLARSHIP INFORMATION!
Goldendoorscholars.org
"It's guaranteed!" Scholarship searches can guarantee search results. They can't guarantee you the scholarship money.
www.scholarshipguidance.com
Below are some additional scholarship matching websites:
Scholarships.com
Maldef.org
www.collegescholarships.com
www.finaid.org/scholarships
"First come, first served." While you do need to get your application in before the scholarship deadlines, the "first come, first served" rule does not apply to scholarships.
www.scholarships.com
Fast Web
aturner@sierracollege.edu
Attending Sierra College after graduation
lhodge@rocklinusd.org
Programs and Degrees Offered
Social security number
Opt into the 2 years free/Promise Program
Current high school students may take Sierra College Courses via their
Learn how to apply to the Academic Enrichment program in this video
Academic Enrichment Steps
CSU's
Why Sierra College – a seven minute overview
You will need to log in with your MySierra username and password. Once logged in you need to click on "NEXT STEPS" and it will take you to the homepage of your Career and Academic Planning session. The whole online module should take approx. 30 minutes
Transition Plan
Even if you have taken Sierra College Classes before, you must apply for Fall 2024 as a "First Time College Student"
Complete your Sierra College Application
See the page below for help:
Sierra College designated courses that satisfy the
This is how you will get 2 years of FREE tuition if you are a full time college student. If you have taken previous classes at Sierra College and do not see the option for the Promise Program, please let your transition counsleor know when you meet with her.
Their current high school GPA
(IMPORTANT: If you don’t have one you can still apply )
Complete your FAFSA by April 2nd
Things a student needs to know for this application session
Once you have completed all of the steps above you will be able to  make an appointment with your transition counselor Mrs. Hodge to create your 1st year college course plan and qualify for Priority registration for classes! You will have a link in your MySierra account, or you can email Mrs. Hodge at
Complete the Online
General Education-Breadth requirements can be found
www.sierracollege.edu/apply
Accept the College Terms and Conditions
UC's
(if you do not, you will not be eligible for 2 years free)
Potential major or degrees –
Enrollment status – First time in college
Once you have a MySierra account
How to Complete the Sierra College Online Application
Sierra FAFSA Workshop Calendar
Registration for summer/fall 2024 may open as early as April. Make sure you have completed all application steps well ahead of the registration dates for your best selection of courses.
Why Sierra?
If you have any questions with your application, please attend an application Workshop or reach out to Mr. Turner at
Sierra College Degree Programs
Every other Wednesday from 1:45 pm to 2:45 pm in the College and Career Center - starting September 6, 2023.  Starting in October Mr. Turner will be in the College & Career Center every Wednesday from 1:45 pm to 2:45 pm.
Academic Enrichment Program
attending sierra college while in high school
Career & Academic Planning (CAP) module
We are offering application help sessions on Wednesdays starting September 7 from 1:15 pm to 2:15 pm with our Sierra College enrollment specialist weekly in the College and Career Center.
Meet with Alistair Turner, Rocklin High's Sierra College Outreach Specialist
flyer
The two-week program is scheduled for June 10-13 and June 17-20, 2024, Monday through Thursday, 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM. If you are interested in applying for this program please see this
The City of Rocklin has joined with the Rocklin Educational Excellence Foundation (REEF) and the Rocklin Unified School District to offer the Summer Civic Career Program (SCCP) to our Junior, soon to be Senior students.  SCCP introduces students to the many local government career opportunities. This program allows students to make important contributions to the City while participating in a challenging and rewarding work experience. During the two-week program, students will partner with City staff and assist with a variety of programs and projects in various departments.  The students will also be awarded a $500 scholarship.
and
application
. Applications are due to Mrs. Lund in the College & Career Center by April 3, 2024 at 3:00 pm.
If you have any questions you can reach out to Rachel Lund at
The Five Official U.S. Military Academies
airforce.com
Military branches visit Rocklin High School during Lunch on the 1st and 3rd Thursday of every month.  This is a great way for students to get information on the various branches and to ask any questions you migh have.
U.S. Air Force Academy (Air Force & Space Force), Colorado Springs, Colorado.
(Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery with Career Exploration Program) once a year.  Rocklin High School does not release/share scores with the military. Students who take the ASVAB can choose to share their scores with a recruiter(s).
Air Force Reserve
Air National Guard
Opportunities:
nationalguard.com
MILITARY WEBSITES
goarmy.com
Navy + Navy Reserve
:  priority application deadline for SLE is the following Friday on March 15th and we will accept applications until April 15th. SLE is competitive and not all who apply are offered to attend.
navy.com
Registration:  (must register/please check back for registration link closer to the test date.
Fall 2023 ASVAB:
Air Force
Marine Corps + Marine Corps Reserve
December 4, 2023
ASVAB CEP
The College & Career Center will offer the
afreserve.com
ASVAB
goang.com
Coast Guard + Coast Guard Reserve
U.S. Military Academy (Army), West Point, New York.
U.S. Coast Guard Academy (Coast Guard), New London, Connecticut.
U.S. Merchant Marine Academy (Marines), Kings Point, New York.
Army National Guard
West Point Summer Leaders Experience
U.S. Naval Academy (Navy), Annapolis, Maryland.
marines.com
gocoastguard.com
Army + Army Reserve
Students who have a test score and are applying to test optional schools should consider the policies and admissions statistics of the school before deciding to submit those scores. College and career center staff is available to assist students with this decision.
Which test should I take? How do I compare the scores?
Due to the inability of so many students to test since the spring of 2020, many colleges have changed their testing policies and may no longer require an SAT or ACT score for admissions. Some of these changes are temporary and some are permanent. It is encumbant upon the student to research the policies at each college to which they are interested in applying.
SAT official site:
ACT official site:
When are the tests offered? How do I register?
The UC's AND Csu'S
www.actstudent.org
How should I prepare?
www.collegeboard.org
At this time (school year 2023-2024) it is the recommendation of Rocklin High School that students continue to attempt to take the SAT and/or ACT to provide for as many possible opportunities for college admissions and financial aid as possible if it is safe and reasonable for them to do so, however they should rest assured that many great opportunities are available without test scores this year.
The UC and CSU systems have both moved to being Test Blind indefinitley.  They do not consider standardized test scores for admissions.  Test scores could still be used for othe purposes such as course placement and certain scholarships but they will not be used for admissions.
Online Test Prep:
https://www.revolutionprep.com/programs/test-prep/
Official SAT Practice Tests (College Board)
Classroom Test Prep:
This prep course is taught by two Granite Bay High School teachers. This class is offered throughout the year at Granite Bay High School and via Zoom. The course is typically four weeks long and broken into two sections (Math and English) so students may take either one or both. They also offer a week-long intensive summer workshop each year.
https://www.act.org/content/act/en/products-and-services/the-act/test-preparation.html
Live Online Practice Tests: FOR RHS STUDENTS
ACT Saturday, November 4 11: 9:00am - 1:00pm
- Revolution Prep has been offering fully online test prep both live and self-paced  programs since well before COVID. Like the ACT, they have some free opportunities and some with a cost.
There are many options for students when it comes to preparing for the SAT or ACT. As a school, we do not provide test prep classes, however there are some great options on our campus and online that are coordinated by outside vendors. Please visit their individual websites below for more information and to enroll.
Download this flyer for more information
Revolution Prep is offering a live online full length practice SAT and ACT exams for RHS students. Students will be sent all test materials electronically and then log into a Zoom at test time, where a proctor will make the exact announcements and keep the exact timing for each section as a student would hear during a real test. At the conclusion of the test, students will be able to self-score their exam through the Revolution Prep app.
Register here by the Thursday before the test to secure your seat
SAT/ACT Preparation
How Do I Prepare?
Digital SAT Saturday, October 28 4: 9:00am - 1:00pm
Granite Bay/Rocklin Test Prep: https://granitebaytestprep.com/
www.khanacademy.org/sat
- College Board has partnered with Khan Academy to offer free online SAT Prep. Khan academy is also a great resource for help in many other academic areas as well.
- ACT has partnered with Kaplan to offer test prep. Some programs are free some have a cost.
ACT Academy
There are other great resources at
Here is the link for Summer 2024
Additionally, the ACT has more questions than the SAT, but the SAT questions often require more lengthy reading and problem solving (so they take a little longer to complete).
Additionally, all US colleges and universities accept both the ACT and the SAT, so there’s no direct advantage to taking one test over the other. However, despite all these similarities, there are also some surprising differences that might influence your choice.
At first glance, the two tests don’t look very different. They take a similar amount of time to complete (between 3 hours and 35 minutes for the ACT, around 3 hours and 50 minutes for the SAT), and they cover all the same basic subjects: reading, writing, comprehension, problem solving, and mathematics. In the past, the two tests were more distinct from each other, but the SAT went through a massive revision and redesign in 2016, and now is very similar to the ACT’s format.
The biggest difference is the amount of time allotted to each section of the test. The SAT allows more time per question for every section of the test, whereas the ACT requires you to move faster through the questions.
Both the SAT and the ACT are standardized tests that help colleges and universities determine how prepared you are, as a student, to take college-level courses.
SAT TO ACT SCORES CONVERSION CHART
Test Comparison
May 6, 2023
date.
September 30, 2022
February 11, 2023
November 3, 2022
November 22, 2022
July 15, 2023
June 3, 2023
October 1, 2022
July 29, 2022
You can request to send four FREE score reports anytime from the day you register to up to nine days after your SAT test date.
April 15, 2023
Test Registration and Score Report Request:
Send ACT score reports after you take the test for a $16 fee.
Send SAT score reports after you take the test for a $12 fee.
October 25, 2022
September 16, 2022
October 22, 2022
Test Dates & Score Sends
https://www.collegeboard.org/
November 11, 2022
SAT Test Date                                        Registration Deadline                          Late Registration Deadline
May 4, 2023
June 10, 2023
August 16, 2022
You can request to send four FREE score reports anytime from the day you register to up to five days after your ACT test
August 27, 2022
March 24, 2023
ACT Test Date                               Registration Deadline                         Late Registration Deadline
September 10, 2022
February 28, 2023
May 23, 2023
March 11, 2023
April 7, 2023
November 5, 2022
Score Ordering
(Rocklin High is not an ACT testing site for the 2021-22 school year. You will need to test at a different testing site)
December 3, 2022
August 19, 2022
January 20, 2023
March 10, 2023
May 19, 2023
January 6, 2023
https://www.act.org/
September 2, 2022
November 4, 2022
June 16, 2023
October 7, 2022
May 5, 2023
February 10, 2023
Request an ACT rush order and your scores will be sent to colleges within 3 to 4 business days (**additional fee plus regular fees).
Request an SAT rush order and your scores will be sent to colleges within 2 to 4 business days (**additional fee plus regular fees)
December 10, 2022
April 25, 2023
August 5, 2022
September 20, 2022
June 23, 2023
Students, please check with your teacher for permission before scheduling during class time!
SCHEDULE MEETINGS HERE
Meetings are available for students, parents with students, and community members. Please click the link below to access my scheduling app and select an available 20 minute appointment time that works for you.
*Work Permits are issued for up to one year and expire every August regardless of when the initital Work Permit is issued.
Work Permit Procedures:
. Please keep in mind that the student must be the one to pick up the work permit as an original ink signature must be obtained from the student at that time.
If you have work permit questions, please email Rachel Lund at
3. Provide the signed work permit to your employer.
*Work Permits cannot be issued if a student is to be classified as an "independent contractor" and paid.  A Work Permit is only issued to minors who have an employer and they are accepting the responsibilites of the minor as their employer.
All students under the age of 18 must have a Work Permit to work (including vacations and summer break).  Also, all existing Work Permits must be renewed at the start of each school year.
work permit application
Work Permit Applications with original ink signatures should be submitted to the College and Career Center. Work permit processing takes two school days, after which the student should return to pick up the completed work permit.  The College and Career Center walk-in hours are during Break, and Lunch
1. After securing a job pick up a green Work Permit Application in the College & Career Center or download and complete the
*Work Permits can be revoked if attendance or grade requirements are not met
. You need to complete all fields including the student information with social security number, parent signature, and employer information and signature. Per state law,
In order to be eligible for a work permit, attendance will be checked (90% attendance), students must have a minimum 2.0 g.p.a. and no more than one NM/NC on their most current grade report. Work Permit Applications are available on the link below or in the College and Career Center.
all signatures must be original, ink signatures
Advanced Ceramics and Sculpture
Ceramics and Sculpture 1
Mr. Chris Knorzer
Ceramics and Sculpture 1 Gallery
Ceramics and Sculpture 1 Syllabus
FOLLOW US!
Congrats to RHS Cheer Alumni-  JUDGE Melissa Sato Begley
Guidelines Acknowledgement Form
Team Guidelines
Junior Varsity
STUNT
24-25 New Squad Info
@rocklincheer
RJT Instructor Info
You can find Rocklin Cheer on social media
Friday Night Lights!
Rocklin High School Cheer
Parent Info/Resources
Melissa Begley, of Placer County, has been appointed to serve as a Judge in the Placer County Superior Court. Begley has served as a Commissioner at the Placer County Superior Court since 2023. She served as a Deputy District Attorney at the Placer County District Attorney’s Office from 2011 to 2023. She was a Law Clerk at the United Law Center in 2011 and served as a Volunteer Attorney at the Placer County District Attorney’s Office from 2010 to 2011. She earned a Juris Doctor degree from the University of the Pacific, McGeorge School of Law.  Mel was also a 4 year cheeleader at RHS, involved in Mock Trial (Class of 2001).  Super excited to see her earn this well deserved appointment- ROLL THUNDER!
Athletic Department Registration
6/11 Tues 5:30 PM - 8 PM
Uniform Fitting - Wednesday, May 29, 3:30 - 5 PM
6/10 Mon 5:30 PM - 8 PM
8/6 - 8/8 Rally Practice
Summer Practice:
6/19 Wed 5:30 PM - 8 PM
Olympics Week:
Team Practices Start May 28th!
2024 - 2025 Coaching Staff
1st Camp Payment Due 6/4
2nd Camp Payment Due 6/10
Camp June 24 - 27
6/12 Wed 5:30 PM - 8 PM
2024-2025 season
Team-specific practices TBD
Assistant - Coach Wergedal jenna.wergedal@gmail.com
AUGUST
Friday (time TBD)
8/14 1st Day of School Assembly (time TBD)
Cookie Dough Kick-off - Tuesday, May 28, 5:30 - 6:30 PM in the cafeteria
OFF
Spirit Pack Payment Due 5/29
Head - Coach Baskins laurabaskins@comcast.net
6/18 Tues 5:30 PM - 8 PM
JUNE
JULY
Mon 4 PM - 7 PM
Head - Coach Thao mayse.thao@gmail.com
Goodluck at tryouts!!
Head - Coach Maxwell madisonmaxwell96@gmail.com
Important Dates:
6/20 Thurs 5:30 PM - 8 PM
Jr. Varsity
Monday, 6/24 – Thursday, 6/27
6/17 Mon 5:30 PM - 8 PM
6/21 Fri 5:30 PM - 8 PM
8/16 Morning Practice/Rally Day
Camp Dates:
Assistant - Coach Sanchez arikarockthunder@gmail.com
8/12 Rally Practice With Dance Team
Team Practices:
Tues - Thurs 5 PM - 8 PM
8/15 Rally Practice
Olympics week June 17 - 21
Thurs 5 PM - 8 PM
VARSITY COACHES -Allie Souto & Baylie Gillis
ASSISTANT COACH Baylei Gillis
HEAD COACH ALLIE SOUTO - alliesouto@gmail.com
Suggestions
RHS does not allow for credit card payment during fundraisers-
white chocolate macadamia nut, and
Order forms will be handed out at practice 5/24
Cash is also accepted
We are always looking for fundraising/sponsorship opportunities.  If you have a great idea please share!
Payment
results    950 boxes
individual
Prizes awarded to top sellers from sweatshirts to Spirit Packs!
RHS Cheer
sold  $4750 earned
Each cheerleader is responsible for selling 20 boxes
Cookie Dough Sales:  5/24-6/2
2021 results ??? new record?
Cheerleaders will earn min of $5 for every box sold (goes into
Cost is $18 per box of 48 frozen cookies
2020- Covid...
Orders Collected at practice 6/2
Delivery/Pick Up TBA anytime after 5pm
Flavors include  choc chunk, m&m, oatmeal raisin, snicker doodle,
cheer account)
2017  results   913 boxes  $4565 earned
peanut butter
2019 results  961 $4805
2018 results   889  $4445
All checks should be made payable to
Order Number:                  35201341
Camp Release Form
PAYMENT
Use this link to view an explanation of your Varsity Spirit Uniform Invoice
Cheer Camp  2021
Elena Wong
Our program relies on the participation of our parents.  We ask that each family volunteer for 4 "slots" throughout the year.  Opportunities include driving to or from camp, working at our spirit store, and other opportunities as they arise.
INVOICE EXPLANATION
Please note:  Items for individuals without payment in full by the due date will be moved to a new order.
ACCOUNT INFO
21-22 Fittings are no longer avaiable
If your current balance is in the
Payment in FULL must be made to place your order through Varsity Spirit Fashions.
7/6 $225 balance due
ALTERATIONS
Natalie/Allstars Alterations & Tailoring
$100 deposit  due at first meeting
Rocklin
please go to……
red
http://payment.varsity.com
Coming Soon
Customer Number:           56326300
6835 Lonetree Blvd #102
We've attached the Uniform Resale Information that was sent out to last years cheer families in hopes that they might be willing to sell last years uni's to you!  . Any uniforms brought in for resale will be available at Uniform Fittings
5/24
Questions- contact Coach Souto   alliesouto@gmail.com   916-865-6712
FITTINGS
Use the links below to view your "Cheer Account"  (use tabs at the bottom to find your team)
IMPORTANT: Please print and keep the receipt for your records.
Estimated total cost is $325 per cheerleader
Parent Volunteers
Granite Bay, Ca 95746
Phone # 916-899-6299
22-23
UNIFORMS
Locate the name of your team member, Select and review items.
Failure to Pay by 6/16/21 means we may not have uniforms for our first performance/game.
William Jessup University, Rocklin
In the search bar, enter the following address:
Spirit Store Sign Up
916-622-0317
FOOTBALL VIP TICKETS
Barbara Fullerton
please send payment asap!
Proceed with credit card, debit card, or gift card payment (multiple cards may be used).
Recommendations have come from previous RHS Cheerleaders.  If you have anyone to add to the list please do.  If you were unhappy and would like to remove someone from this list please let us know.
will result in higher pricing for items with quantity pricing and/or the cancelation of items with minimums.
Phone # 916-652-9559
UCA Camp 2021   7/15-18
8467 Juniper Lane
Cheer Accounts
located in Whitney Oaks
Please contact Ms. DeVinna immediately if you see an error
Resale Info
Click here for Instructor Application
• April, 3 (Wednesday) from 4:00-5:00 p.m. At the workshop we will teach you the RJT tryout cheers and fight song for a designated tryout group. We will also talk about instructing this season and answer any questions you might have.
• Tryouts: April, 7th  (Sunday)  8:15 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
vpcheer@jrthunder.com
• Clinic: April, 6th (Saturday) 8:15 a.m.-2:30 p.m.  •
White shirt, black or royal blue shorts, athletic shoes and hair pulled back in a pony.
Instructor Workshop:
Instructor dress code for clinic and tryouts
Location RHS Café
2019 RJT Instructors:
Note:  Please arrive prior to 8:15 a.m. to sign the check-in sheet both days.  Saturday will end at 2:30 p.m.; however, Sunday you will be able to leave once your assigned age group has completed their tryouts.
2019 RJT INSTRUCTORS
Please Note: RHS Cheerleaders can wear their white jersey and past instructors can wear their RJT instructor shirt.
Cheer Clinic & Try-Outs: Location Granite Oaks Middle School
If you have any questions, please contact:
Ms. DeMaria and Mr. Werner
Rocklin High School
We look forward to working with you this year!
Students, in order to access all the notes, worksheets, activities, etc., you will need to create an account in Schoology and join the Chemistry Course corresponding to your teacher and class period. You will need to see your teacher for that code. The last step is to be approved by your instructor before you will be able to access course information.
If you need help, please feel free to set up an appointment with your teacher for help before school, after school, or at lunch, and we would be happy to help you.
Welcome to the Rocklin High School Chemistry Department!
mdemaria@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Ms. Michelle DeMaria
RHS Choirs 2024/25 - Auditioned vs Non-Auditioned
3.  Advanced Women's Ensemble (AWE): Auditioned Choir
Rocklin Choir Information-Watch this video!!!!
Click Here
RHS Choir Audio and Video
Trip & Fundraising
RHS Choir/Piano/Latest News!
Choir Syllabus
Open to any female/treble singer desiring to perform high quality and challenging work in a fun,
RHS Choir Calendar--
Sign Up Here Rocklin High School Choir Auditions for 24/25 School Year
DATES: April 2, 3, 4 and April 22-26 Times vary each day. Use the
1.  Concert Choir(s): Non-Auditioned
Sing any song of your choice with an Karoke style instrumental track from your phone.
RHS Choir Auditions
Subject *:
Email Me a Copy Button - Unchecked
Sign Up Genius link
Open to any male/tenor, baritone, bass singer of any grade level.  Just sign up and you are in!
Chamber Choir is open to any male or female singer enrolled at RHS.
Thank you for your submission.
THAT'S IT!  You do not need to read music, play an instrument, have experience with signing or be in choir before. It's open to everyone!
Open to female/treble singers of any grade level.  Just sign up and you are in. If you did not sign up and you want to be in the class it is still possible.
Message *:
RHS Choir Sound Cloud
Audition IN-PERSON. It is not difficult. We try to make is simple and fun. Auditions are one-on-one with Mr. Spiess and take about 10 minutes.
Instructor
and we will place you in Men's Chorus
2.  Men's Chorus: Non-Auditioned
A short range check will occur to determine voice type and placement.
Transfer and Out of District Students please sign up for an online audition time.
Email Me A Copy
Mr. Shawn Spiess
Song should be 1 verse and 1 chorsus.
and we will place you in Concert Choir
Send:
RHS Choir Calendar
Director of Choral and Vocal Activities
to get your spot!
Rocklin high school Choir and Piano lab latest news
NEWS!!!
Simple fill out this
RHS Piano Lab
RHS Student Conductor
fast paced learning environment.  This ensemble is open to any female/treble singer of any
All singers must complete an audition with Mr. Spiess.
email Mr. Spiess
Do you have question about Choir or Piano?
Email *:
grade level attending RHS.  Singers must complete an audition with Mr. Spiess.
Latest RHS Choir News
RHS Choir Google Calendar
choir information form
Email Questions for Choir or Piano Here!
Auditions for 2024/25 ARE NOW AVAILABLE
If you did not sign up and you want to be in the class it is still possible. Simple fill out this
I'm not a Robot.
I'm not a robot button - Unchecked
4.  Chamber Choir: Auditioned Choir
Name *:
Verification:
verify that you are human by checking this box
Email Me a Copy
RHS Choir Syllabus Download and Print Link
RHS Choir Syllabus
Do you have a question about Rocklin Choir or Piano? Email Mr. Spiess right here!
from
RHS Choir Audio/video resources
Vimeo
on
Chamber Choir-"Oh What a Beautiful City" Spiess Conducting
May 22nd Rocklin HS Choir Spring Concert (2pm)
Choir Spring Performance 2021
Rocklin High School Choir Range Check for Online Audition
Mr. Spiess
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eW3IjygLe25RHL7j1B9RZwm3KXVp8BjR/view?usp=sharing
https://youtu.be/lmpIzmHvv1c
Please read through this short document and fill out the Google Form questions.
mp4:
https://youtu.be/s3nHUegB_GA
Tenor, Baritone Bass Range Check Link:
https://youtu.be/UG8nLZGMX10
Do you have a question about auditions for Rocklin Choir or Piano? Email Mr. Spiess Directly!
If you have any questions just email me at
RHS Choir Information Video Link:
YouTube Link:
2024-25 Choir Auditions
Step 1
https://forms.gle/VFpqyupmbRcAcyjJ9
Soprano and Alto Range Check Link:
Rocklin High School Choir Info Audition and Non-Audition Singers Google Form
https://www.remind.com/join/rocksing
CLICK ON THIS WELCOME VIDEO TO HEAR ABOUT RHS CHOIR AND THE PROCESS TO JOIN!
Use this form to be added to our RHS Choir Email and Remind List. To be directly added to our Remind Text List simply text @rocksing to 81010. You can also log on to
Piano Lab Syllabus and Course Overview
Direct warm-ups once a week (10-15min)
Direct warm-ups twice a week (10-15min)
RHS Choir
Lessons
due the class before you teach
Applications due by 4/5/24 for the 2024/25 School Year
Fall Semester - Students Conductors may...
Download and Print PDF Version
www.cpdl.org
Teach and direct 1-2 pieces for the Spring Concert.  At least one of these pieces must include either mixed meter (ex. 3/4
.  We will discuss effective teaching methods, conducting patterns, etc.  If you have
Good luck and don't ever hesitate to ask for help or come to me with any problems.  It is my goal to be as supportive as possible in order to make this experience a successful one for you and your students.
www.jwpepper.com
www.cipoo.n
Teach a lesson on vocal technique (20-30min)
Syllabus and Expectations
Participation
Spring Semester - Student Conductors may...
4/4) or irregular meter (ex. 5/4, 7/4).
any
Student Director Application
www.sbmp.com
If you are not teaching directly during class, you should be singing with your group.  If you are not a member of the choir you direct, you will be serving as a kind of "super section leader."  I might have you take a section into another room to go over parts or sing with a certain section to help reinforce good sound and intonation.  This means you should be familiar with
Teach at least two basic concepts of Music Theory during the course of the semester
all
Teach at least one basic concept of Music Theory during the course of the semester
Download, Print and Return this application to become a Student Conductor for RHS Choir
Student Directing
Within the first few weeks of each semester we will be meeting after school to schedule your lessons and to go over how to create and organize lesson plans.  Lesson plans will be
Teach and direct 1-2 for the Winter Concert.  You can look in our music library or online at either of these sites:
questions regarding what you are teaching or how to teach it, please do not hesitate to ask.
Thank you for volunteering to be a Choral Student Director!  This is a wonderful way to develop your skills as a musician, an educator and a leader.  There will be many challenges along the way, but the rewards are unlike any other.  Here we go!
ensemble repertoire, not just the songs you are teaching.
Assignments
Download Application Here
ONGOING FUNDRAISING OPPORTUNITIES
information about fundraising dates and events coming soon!
RHS Choir Trip 18/19 Details and Information Coming Soon
We are waiting word from RUSD about a future choir trip. We understand these trips and festivals are a vital part of the growth process for music students. Trips and festivals promote excellence in musicianship as well as build vital relational community for our students. We hope the return of trips and festivals will be soon.
RHS Choir Trip-
Head Coach - Kim Bayer
yogibayer.bayer@gmail.com
Co-Head Coach- Justin Ferraro
justin.r.ferraro@gmail.com
Links
Rocklin High Cross Country Team with Coaches (2022-2023)
Cross Country Express Blog
Sierra Foothill League XC Statistics
LetsRun News and Chat
RunningAhead Running Maps and Logs
RHS XC Statistics Main Page
RHS XC Team Season Statistics
Flotrack News and Chat
RHS TF Statistics Main Page
Sac-Joaquin DII XC Statistics
The Dance Classes at RHS are offered as part of the Visual & Performing Arts Department and students may choose to receive VAPA,  P.E. or CTE CREDIT. The courses seek to provide students a
Dance Class Auditions for the following school year are always  in the Spring, we announce the dates around January!  If you are interested in Dance 1 and do not have dance experience then you just sign up for the class.  If you have dance experience then you will get to audition for an upper level class.
Rocklin Dance presents multiple opportunities for the students to perform each year:
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15DhvsAnXGBgaka79LYxhjfv3yUlQmvhoS79cjp00UzY/edit#slide=id.gc2e6f66f24_0_20
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarah-blankenship-b30896244/
comprehensive dance education encompassing the technical, theatrical, creative & fitness components of dance.
*If a student can not participate in dance for more than 6 weeks per a doctor’s note, they will not receive credit for the semester.
Be sure to visit the Rocklin High School Course Catalog for detailed course descriptions.  You can also access information (including advanced dance class audition info) here:
Dance One - Beginning technique dance course, three sections
-Visual and Performing Arts Assembly
Dance Four - Advanced technique course
*Late work is always accepted; students can receive up to 70% credit.
*All students must have jazz shoes by October 1st of each school year  in order to receive their participation points.  All students will be wearing TAN jazz shoes in their dance show.
-Advanced Dance Show
https://youtu.be/dxJg6ky8U5g
*If a student has a parent or doctor’s note requesting that they do not participate in a class period, they are still required to fully dress down (just as they would with any P.E. course) and will need to complete a make-up assignment in order to receive participation points for the day.   Post-dated parent notes are not accepted.
Dance Class Policies
Dance Two - Intermediate technique dance course
Course Offerings
-Visual and Performing Arts Creepy Concert
Dance 1 (beginning dance) through Dance 4 (advanced dance) are offered and each course includes
daily technique practice, choreography & artistry and culminates with a professional level production for the school and community to enjoy.
*Rocklin Dance is part of the Visual and Performing Arts Department, though students can opt to choose P.E. credit in lieu of VAPA credit.  Students make these decisions with their assigned counselor.
Enjoy a Dance 1 Showcase video snippet here:
CLICK HERE FOR CURRENT COURSE AND AUDITION INFORMATION:
*Students have an unlimited amount of extra credit opportunities by attending  teacher-approved dance shows and following the RHS Dance Critique Guidelines.  Each written critique can earn up to 25 points!
*You can only receive participation points if you come to class (on time, following the participation point guidelines above) - come to class!!
assignments
Dance Three - Advanced Intermediate technique dance course
-4WRD Dance Show
ROCKLIN DANCE CLASSES
Welcome to Rocklin High School Dance!  Be sure to follow our social media and click the link in bio for all updates, auditions, and upcoming performances @rocklindance
-Dance 1 Showcase
Rocklin Dance Teacher Mrs. Sarah Blankenship has a wide range of dance teaching and performance experiences:
Welcome
Mrs. Toepke
Drama Club
The English Language Development Department is committed to ensuring that all students have equal access to Rocklin High School's rigorous academic curriculum.
Para-Educator Marilyn Brown
English Language Development
Laura Sellers
Welcome to ELD
Please review this information with your parent or guardian. Please complete the information below and return it to your ELD teacher. This information is worth 10 points.
COME to class with a positive attitude and a willingness to improve their English skills!
Assignments will be weighted by the following criteria:
Rocklin High School English Language Development 2013-2014
Syllabus 2013-2014
Class Policies and Procedures
Daily Agenda: The daily agenda will be posted on the board each day. I will write other information such as announcements, reminders, and due dates.
•
Accelerated Reader: Students must be prepared daily with reading material for AR. If not, a loss of points will occur.  They will be assigned a subjective amount of points each quarter that they will need to achieve.
Daily Work and Exit Tickets
10%
http://www.edline.net
Interactive Journal: Students will have a notebook with lined paper that will serve as their journal. They must bring this with them to class each day.
Course Outcomes: The essential skills and concepts that will be covered in this course are those stated in the California ELD standards.
Quizzes, Tests, and Projects
90-100%
69 Or below  NC (no credit)
A three-ring binder ORGANIZED with dividers and class information.
5    Journal/Binder paper
Teachers: Adrienne Tacla and Laura Sellers
4
Grading Scale:
Show respect.
Course Description: English Language Development is a year-long course designed to aid students in learning to improve their listening, speaking, reading, and writing in English, according to the California ELD Standards. Students participate in listening, speaking, reading, and writing activities. Class work will consist of ELD textbook lessons, grammar exercises, reading for vocabulary acquisition and other projects to increase English comprehension.
Assignment Policy: All assignments are due at the beginning of class unless I have instructed you otherwise.
40%
Students will be expected to:
Accelerated Reader
70-79
MAINTAIN regular attendance at school. Your presence and participation in class will help you succeed in this class as well as your other classes.
80-89
Late Work: Late assignments receive no higher than a 70%. If you are absent when the assignment is due, you are expected to turn it in when you return to class, or you can email it to me at lsellers@rocklin.k12.ca.us  OR atacla@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Oral Participation
1
Instructional Aide: Marilyn Brown
Binder Check: This will occur frequently. I will check to see if the student’s binder(s) is being kept in an orderly manner, with all necessary supplies.
Course Textbook:  Edge by Hampton Brown
2
Office hours: Teachers are available to students as needed
Classroom Procedures:
FULLY participate in class work and class activities. Failure to do so will result in a loss of points.
3
Any homework or assignments
Course Expectations:
Solve your problem.
E-mail:atacla@rocklin.k12.ca.us lsellers@rocklin.k12.ca.us mabrown@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Class Rules:
Make good decisions.
Check your grades: You can always check your current grade online at:
Pens, pencils, colored pencils, highlighters
The RHS planner
Materials: Students are expected to bring the following to class every day:
) • Instagram photos and videos
View this profile on Instagram
Rocklin Flag Football
(@
Section Information
Interested in Flag Football?
You must be registered in Final Forms! Click on the Athlete REgistration Link.
Tryouts Start Aug 5th! Please Check the Practice Schedule for Times!
Tweets by Rocklinsportsl
Remind Communication
Girls Flag Football 2024
rocklinflagfootball
2024 Youth Flag Football Camp
Girls of The Gridiron Tournament
Fan Store
Max Preps Results
Cost: $100
Grades: K-8
June 18-June 21
Sign up here for the 2024 Flag Football Youth Camp!
Camp workers Sign up
Time: 8:30-11:00am
Coaching Experience
- Bay Area, 12 years school administrator, 5 years Athletic Director, 10 years Football, 5 years Track and Field
Eddie Mederious
:  Rocklin High School- Football 17 years, Track and Field 4 years, Boys Volleyball 2 years, Girls Basketball 1 year, Girls Golf 1 year. Granite Bay High School- Boys Basketball 1 year, Boys Volleyball 1 year. Spring View Middle School- Girls Basketball 2 years
Head Coach- Ryan Spears  rspears@rocklinusd.org
Coaching Experience-
Assistant Coach- Madison Stelle
Bio
Assistant Coach- PJ Daley
Pete VilLaba
Ryan Spears has been a Social Studies Teacher for the past 26 years at Rocklin High School.  In addition Coach Spears held the position of Athletic Director from 2015-2022.
PJ Daley has been a Rocklin resident for the past 4 years.  He currently works for  Roseville High School Joint Unified.
BIO
Varsity Bracket
Junior Varsity Bracket
General Information
Tournament INformation
Step 2 Text this message @ffrhs
For all updates and coaches communication please sign up via Remind 101 below:
Athlete Sign Up Form
Step 1 Send text to 81010
Section Teams
Flag Football Rules
2024 Varsity Roster
Freshman 2024 Info
2023
2024 VIP Experience
BSN TEAM STORE
SPONSORS
Tweets by RocklinFootball
Honor Bowl 2023 vs Manteca
Recruiting Presentation
Annual Cornhole Tourney
THUNDER FOOTBALL
Rocklin High Football
Class of 2027 Football Registration
MaxPreps Stats
Sponsorship
Next Level 7 on 7
1. One VIP per game per pass (wristbands will be issued for each game).
The VIP experience will be the best possible way to
2024 VIP tickets will go on sale
2024 RHS Football JV/Varsity HOME Schedule
Wednesday May 8th
8. Your VIP Ticket is a nonrefundable donation to the Rocklin High Football program and we appreciate your support.
VIPs will get free admission to all 5 home games (does NOT include playoff games), exclusive access to the Thunder Dome on-field tent, pre-game meals, desserts, snacks and non-alcoholic beverages, on-field experience for VIPs only, VIP parking, VIP access and every VIP will have a reserved seat for every regular season home game in the top 10 rows near the 50 yard line.
vistasmiller@gmail.com
6. VIP Club members must wear their VIP badges and wristbands and have them visible in order to receive entry into the RHS stadium gates and seating.
Last years (2023) VIP’s will have two days to pre-purchase before being released for general sale.  General sales will open
5. Only 1 (one) parking pass will be issued per block of seats.
SIGN UP HERE
7. VIP tent access is a privilege, and will be revoked for inappropriate fan behavior.
4. VIP Club members must have their VIP parking passes visible in order to receive preferred parking.
Each seat is $300
2. All RUSD rules apply to the VIP tent (no alcoholic beverages allowed).
3. Reserved seating applies to RHS Friday night “home games” only.
We anticipate the tickets going fast, so if you are interested, please move quickly once the tickets are available.  An email will go out to our football, dance, cheer and band contacts who will then forward along to their organizations.  Be on the lookout for that email with information on the purchase process. Please contact Vista Miller (VIP Chair) at
Wednesday May 1st 2024.
with any questions.
Terms & Conditions:
Watch the Thunder take down the SFL!
Annual Cornhole Tournament, Dinner & Auction
The BSN Team Store is closed for this year. Please check back next year!
RB
Brandon Bochi
Offensive Line
Warner Herndon
Mike Cunningham
Spencer Smith
JV Coaching Staff
DB
Jake Sutton
Head Coach - OC
Defensive Backs
DC
DC/ LB / RB's
Chris Johnson
Johnny Del Toro
Jared Amador
Gary Frost
Ehsan Taghavi
Varsity Coaching Staff
Wide Receivers
Jason Yaklich
Head Coach/DC
HEAD COACH
WR
OC / QB's
Ken Gober
Defensive Line
OC
Mike Salondaka
Freshman Coaching Staff
Justin Harris
Freshman Head Coach - Jared Amader  - jaredamader@yahoo.com
Varsity Head Coach - Jason Adams - jadams@rockinusd.org
Frosh Football
Weight room 4:00-5:00, Practice 5:00-7:00
Thunder Rolls - Let's Go Rocklin
Complete Final Forms Registration ASAP-
4:00-5:00 Weight room, Practice 5:00-7:00
July 22-25 Pre-season conditioning week
June 10-13, 17-20, 24-27
Dead Period June 28-July 21 (NO ACTIVITIES) GREAT TIME FOR VACATION
In-season schedule
July 29 Season starts
Welcome Class of 2028
The Winning Shot – RHS Football Photos
Hudl – RHS Football Videos:
|
Photos and Video's
MaxPreps – RHS Football Videos
of RHS football, available for viewing and purchase:
MaxPreps – RHS Football Photos
of RHS football:
View sites below for
Freshman
Past Season Results
photos
video clips
View sites below for professional
Overview
As posted on Maxpreps
2014
2011
2010
Fr
2015
Var
2006
Rocklin High School Boys Football Team Info
Flag Football - Rocklin/Rocklin HS
Winter youth flag football program for kids ages 5 through 14 years of age.
Rocklin High School Football would like to thank you for your Sponsorship.  We will be contacting you for your company details and logo information.
RHSTouchdownSponsorship@gmail.com
SPONSORSHIP FLYER
Questions Please Contact Us At:
M. Carlson
Mme Arino
Students learn French in a manner that is consistent with the Standards for Foreign Language at the Novice level based on the ACTFL (American Council on Teaching Foreign Languages). The 5 C’s - Communication, cultures, connections, comparisons, and communities are reinforced throughout the course.
Students practice French in class though group activities, writing, reading, listening and multimedia applications: activities from video recordings, CD-Roms and the world wide web.
Students develop an understanding, and are increasingly able to produce French for everyday communication.
Bienvenue
Specific course objectives
RHS French
French 1 Syllabus
Students are exposed to several sociolinguistic varieties of the French language as spoken in the different Francophone regions over the world.
Students learn grammar of French in a pedagogically relevant manner and according to their communicative needs.
2 Seats $550.00 USD
Mr. Scott Bergemann
Contact Phone Number
4 Seats $1,100.00 USD
Multiple Seat Options
1 Seat $275.00 USD
3 Seats $825.00 USD
Family Name
Mr. Dale Eckneburg
Regular Geometry Teachers
Everyday Geometry Teachers
For extra help, I am available before school most days and after school by appointment.  I have only 1 prep period which is period 7. You are welcome to come work in my room, but I may be busy.
Ms. Cameron
Mrs. Mitchell's Geometry Class:
Ms. Diane Cameron
Mr. Michael Pappas
Geometry
For extra help, I am available before school most days and after school by appointment.  I have only 1 prep period which is period 8. You are welcome to come work in my room, but I may be busy.
Mrs. Emily Mitchell
For calendars, and information go to my schoology page!
Mrs. McCullough
For calendars and information go to my Schoology page.
For extra help I am available by appointment.
Geometry Math Lab
Homework - 10%
Integrated II
Exponents and Radicals
Please verify that you have read and understand this syllabus on Schoology.
R: R2:R3
Michael Pappas
Similarity - including similar figures and flow-chart proofs
Course Objectives:
Essential skills - 35%
Circles: area, circumference, arc/sector, equations, angles, tangents, chords
Right Triangles - special right triangles, pythagorean theorem
dcameron@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Classwork and homework will be given every class period with few exceptions.  In order to receive a passing grade, every student must earn at least a 70% overall in the class and demonstrate mastery on all the essential skills and concepts.  Students’ grades will be determined as follows:
Parabolas - sketching: intercepts, vertex
It is suggested that each student has a composition notebook which will be designated just for Integrated II  and a scientific calculator, such as a TI-30X IIS.  Graphing calculators are acceptable although not necessary.  Other suggested materials include: college ruled three-hole paper, graph paper, a ruler, and pencils.
Functions: inverses, combinations
Algebraic Transformations: absolute value, quadratics
Integrated II grade will consist of the following:
mpappas@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Factoring
Angle Pair Relationships
Probability: trees, area, expected value, and basic problems
Trigonometry
Proof - Quadrilaterals
The essential skills and concepts that will be covered in Integrated II include:
Volume and Surface Area
Conditional Probability
Quadrilaterals
Quizzes/Investigations - 20%
Course Description: Core Connections Integrated II is the curriculum used in this course.  Integrated II is the second year of a three-year course progression in which students will discover concepts of algebra, geometry, and statistics with an overall theme of problem solving.
Solving Quadratic Equations - completing the square, quadratic formula, zero product property
Tests -  35%
Office Hours: 7:15 am to 7:40 am
Little Thunder K-6
Video Highlights
2023-2024 Game Schedule
Girls Basketball
“Success is never final, failure is never fatal.  It’s courage that counts.” and
Mike contributes towards player rotations, player communications, and teamwork.  Mike also coordinates the fundraisers during the year, including the yearly Top Golf Event.
Mike is married with two daughters, Kayla, who is a graduate of North Park University in Chicago and Madison a graduate of Eastern Washington University.  He is a diehard fan for the Seattle Seahawks, Minnesota Timberwolves, Boston Bruins, and Texas Rangers.
Favorite basketball quote:
VARSITY HEAD COACH
Mike returns for his 5th year with the program.  Mike brings 12 combined coaching years of experience in AAU and High School at Gig Harbor, Washington, in addition to Rocklin. Mike played basketball in Richmond CA and and Diablo Valley College. Mike is a Lead Pastor locally at Community Covenant Church.
VARSITY ASSISTANTCOACH
“What you are as a person is far more important than what you are as a basketball player.”  -John Wooden
/
BOYS REGISTRATION
GIRLS REGISTRATION
Coaches
2023 JV Schedule
2023 Varsity Schedule
Social Media Gudielines
Varsity Coach - Mike Wagner
Girls Golf
School Records
Contact Coaches
•	Demeaning statements or threats that endanger the safety of another person.
Social Media – (Class II Infraction) Athletic Code of Conduct
Student-Athlete Social Media/ Policy
•	Derogatory language or remarks regarding fellow athletes, students, coaches, administrators, faculty and staff of Rocklin High School or other high schools.
STUDENT – PARENT ATHLETIC PARTICIPATION INFORMATION
Social media refers to internet-based applications and communication devices designed to create and share user generated content.  Any form of messaging, digital magazines, internet forums, web-blogs, podcasts, photographs, video, rating and social bookmarking found on websites or applications such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, or Tumblr that is open to public viewing is considered to be social media.  This is a rapidly changing network as we move into the 21st Century, and many more not mentioned will arise, which are also included in this policy. Violations of this policy are subject to investigation and sanctions outlined in the Rocklin High School Code of Conduct (page 10), and are also subject to review by state and federal law enforcement.  These fall under Class II Infractions.  Any and all disciplinary measures may apply depending on the severity of the infraction.
•	Incriminating photos or statements regarding illegal criminal behavior, underage drinking, use of illegal drugs, sexual harassment or violence.
Rocklin High School student athletes are expected to conduct themselves in a respectable manner as a member of their teams and our Athletic program.  As a student athlete you are responsible for your social media use.  Any malicious use of social media platforms shall not be tolerated.  Malicious use may include, but not be limited to:
As a student athlete I have reviewed and carefully read, with my parent(s) / legal guardian, the Social Media Policy and agree to abide to all provisions contained within.  Furthermore, I understand that a violation of said rules may result in loss of athletic privileges and/or suspension from participation.
• Spectators may not give any advice regarding rules or other situations to the players and should keep talking to simple hello or how are you doing?
• All spectators must be in compliance with the dress code specified by the golf course.  This is extremely important for all private golf courses including our own (Whitney Oaks GC) and you may be asked to leave the golf course if you are not in compliance with their dress code.  Dress code is as follows for most public and private golf courses.
• Spectators are to stay even with the group that they are watching and should not be ahead of the group.  Forecaddying is not allowed!
Spectators are welcome to attend practices, matches, or tournaments.  However, the following guidelines and expectations are to be followed at all times.  Failure to follow the following guidelines and expectations could result in penalty strokes for the players and/or you could be asked to leave the golf course.  Also, please share this information with any family members or friends who may attend a practice, match, or tournament.
• If a spectator is approached by a player regarding the location of a golf ball and the spectator knows the location, the spectator may direct the player to the location of the golf ball.  Otherwise, spectators should not be searching for golf balls during play.
o No denim or blue jeans may be worn.
• Spectators must stay on or as close to the cart paths if at all possible and should NEVER by in the fairways.
o No cut offs, sweat pants, cargo shorts or athletic shorts may be worn.
• Bottom line is you should not interfere and/or become a factor in determining the outcome of a match.  It is the player’s responsibility to play the game and know, follow, and enforce the rules of golf during play.
o Shirts must have collars and be tucked in with a belt.
o Hats must be worn forward.
• Carts may be used by spectators, however you may be required to pay for the cart and you should always check into the pro shop to get a cart checked out.  Carts are to remain on cart paths at all times!
• Spectators are to maintain a distance of at least 30 yards from the players at all times.
Coaches Information
Results - MaxPreps
Girls Lacrosse
2023 Team Calendar
Co Head Coach: Rand Peaslee
Email: sjwilkins@sbcglobal.net
Co Head Steve Wilkins
rpeaslee@coca-cola.com
ROCKLIN HIGH SCHOOLS’ GIRLS SOCCER PROGRAM IS DEDICATED TO OFFERING STUDENT ATHLETES A UNIQUE AND POWERFUL SOCCER EXPERIENCE WHICH WILL ALLOW THEM TO FEEL A PERSONAL CONNECTION AND SENSE OF PRIDE IN REPRESENTING THEIR SCHOOL.
Winter Sports Parent Night
WE OFFER A DEDICATED, PROFESSIONAL, AND EXPERIENCED COACHING STAFF THAT IS COMMITTED TO DEVELOPING, MENTORING, AND SUPPORTING YOUR STUDENT ATHLETE THROUGH THEIR SOCCER SEASON AND THROUGHOUT THE SCHOOL YEAR SO THEY CAN TAKE WHAT THEY’VE LEARNED AND APPLY IT TO THEIR LIVES WELL BEYOND HIGH SCHOOL.
Informative Articles
WE BELIEVE IN BUILDING SOCCER TEAMS THAT HONOR COMMITMENT, HARD WORK, PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY SPORTSMANSHIP, INTEGRITY, AND COMPETITION AND WE STRIVE TO GET BETTER EVERY YEAR WITH THE “GOAL” OF MAKING OUR SCHOOL PROUD! GO THUNDER!!!
FS Asst: Katy Shurson
Varsity Head Coach: J.J. Barnette p
Varsity Asst: Kurt Grinsell
JV Asst: Lexi Watson
lease contact me with any questions at jbarnette@rocklinusd.org.
Frosh/Soph Head Coach: Paul Werner
JV Head Coach: Grant Depue
Soccer Self Affirmations for Improving Your Confidence
TED talk - Win the Game of Life with Sport Psychology by Jonathan Fader
TED talk - Sleep is your superpower by Matt Walker
TED talk - The skill of self confidence by Dr. Ivan Joseph
TED talk - The difference between winning and succeeding by John Wooden
TED talk - Changing the game in youth sports
Soccer Strength Training Phases
How to Commit Fully to your Soccer Goals
The One Quality Great Teammates Have in Common
What does it mean to be apart of a Team?
TED talk - Student Athlete: The Untold Story | Richard Carthon
Injuries exploding as youths focus on one sport
Sports specialization trend costs teens, schools
8 Reasons no one cares you're tired
10 Tips for Recruiting Success
TED talk - Athletes and Mental Health: The Hidden Opponent by Victoria Garrick
Athletic Nutrition Bytes: Fueling the Body for Competition
Paying to play is new normal for youth athletes
Soccer Goal Setting Advice and Techniques
TED talk - The secret to performing under pressure by Captain Tom Chaby
ACL and the Female Athlete
Student-Athlete Social Media Policy
Social media refers to internet-based applications designed to create and share user generated content.  Any form of digital magazines, internet forums, web-blogs, podcasts, photographs, video, rating and social bookmarking found on websites or applications such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, or Tumblr that is open to public viewing is considered to be social media.  This is a rapidly changing network as we move into the 21st Century, and many more not mentioned will arise, which are also included in this policy.  Violations of this policy are subject to investigation and sanctions outlined in the Rocklin High School Code of Conduct (page 10) are also subject to review by state and federal law enforcement.  These fall under Class II Infractions.  Any and all disciplinary measures may apply depending on the severity of the infraction.
Derogatory language or remarks regarding fellow athletes, students, coaches, administrators, faculty and staff of Rocklin High School or other high schools.
Demeaning statements or threats that endanger the safety of another person.
Student Name (please print)			Student Signature                                Date
Incriminating photos or statements regarding illegal criminal behavior, underage drinking, use of illegal drugs, sexual harassment or violence.
Parent Name (please print)			Parent Signature                                  Date
_________________________________	______________________________________
In order to try out, the following requirements must be completed before the first day of practice:
2)  Complete the online registration by ASAP.
http://rhs.rocklinusd.org/athletics
1)  Have a current school year physical on file in the athletic office
Times are as follows: Monday October 30th: 4-5:30pm (All levels)
Tuesday October 31st: 4-5:30pm grass field (All levels)
Friday November 3rd: 4-5:30pm grass field (All levels)
Girls Soccer will officially start - Monday October 30th
ROCKLIN HIGH SCHOOL
Thursday November 2nd: 4-5:30-pm grass field (All levels)
Mandatory Parent Information Night for Winter Sports is Monday October 23rd at 6pm
Email Athletic Assistant Cindy York
Thank you very much and we look forward to an exciting season of high school sports!
Questions or to verify your daughter is on the roster?
Wednesday November 1st: 4-5:30pm grass field (All levels)
ATHLETIC INFORMATION
Please visit the Rocklin High School Athletics website where you can print physical forms, complete online registration for each sport, and find important dates and coach/team information.
Every athlete is also required to turn in the VAC (Voluntary Athletic Contribution) form to the athletic office (available in H-5 and on the website).
Go Thunder!
12 State Tournament Appearances
Individual School Records
Our Senior Maddie Papia
Leaders of the pack
Great Student Section
Celebration
Past Results and Standings
Amercan Volleyball Coaches Association Phenom top 50 List
for making the
Congratulations to Mackenzie Murphy for committing to
Players Off To College
2024 Season Information
Final Results and All League
23 years with a Winning Percentage of 70%
Time out
Player Websites
73 SFL All League Players
THUNDER HIGHLIGHTS:
Individual Volleyball Honors
22
4 Sac-Joaquin Section Championships
2023 Team Picture
Rocklin Volleyball
HUDL
3.68 Team GPA
Oral Roberts University
Sac-Joaquin Section
Roster
Varsity Jersey History
We would like to welcome Bret Almazan-Cezar as our new Varsity Head Coach.
Section Overall = , State Overall = , National =
Fired up
Coach Kate Mitchell in her playing days
8 Sac-Joaquin Section Championship Appearances
Coaches Profile
Coach Lorie way back in her freshman year
THUNDER NEWS:
9 Sierra Foothill League Championships
RHS Girls Volleyball Calendar
Team Cheer
Playoff Appearances
Coaches hard at work!
12 Sierra Foothill League MVP's
2022 Rankings
Summer Schedule & Tryout Info
33 Volleyball Scholarships, 15 D1
Congratulations to Gianna Bogan and Addy Scheitlin
Office Phone:
Email: balmazancezar@rocklinusd.org
Devon Quok, Varsity Assistant
Kate Mitchell graduated from Rocklin High School in 2014 and played volleyball all four years, three years on Varsity. She played volleyball for four years at Southwest University in Texas and graduated with a Bachelors Degree in Mathematics.  She returned to Rocklin and started coaching in our program this year.  Kate also will coach for our Rocklin Volleyball Club program. She is enthusiastic about coaching and volleyball!
k.mitchell044@gmail.com
Bret Alamzan-cezar, Varsity Head Coach
EMAIL: alexkevy@gmail.com
ALEX O'DONNELL, Freshmen Head Coach
Kate Mitchell, Junior Varsity Head Coach
devonquok@gmail.com
2006 Final Results and All League
2019 Final Results and All League
2015 Final Results and All League
2018 Final Results and All League
2009 Final Results and All League
2007 Final Results and All League
2008 Final Results and All League
2022 Final Results and All League
2013 Final Results and All League
2021 Final Results and All League
2020-21 Final Results and All League
2014 Final Results and All League
2010 Final Results and All League
2017 Final Results and All League
2016 Final Results and All League
2011 Final Results and All League
2012 Final Results and All League
2005 Final Results and All League
2004 Final Results and All League
2023 Final Results and All League
Printable Schedule
Grade: 4th-10th
Time: 9:00-12:00
(campers grade based on the 2024-25 school year)
SUMMER VOLLEYBALL CAMP 2024
Click here for a MAIL IN REGISTRATION Form
Cost: $150.00
Date: June 10th-14th
Don't miss out on all the fun!
Click here for ONLINE REGISTRATION
Parents/Volunteer
Program Philosophy
Team Suit & Gear
Girls Water Polo
2023 Water Polo Practice Schedule
2024 Match Schedule
Team Photos
Mel Fosson
6th year with RHS Girls Water Polo
Summer Coordinator
Julia DeLaby
RHS Class of 2020, 1st year coaching Girls Water Polo
Coaches information - All Questions please email Dale Eckenburg - deckenburg@rocklinusd.org
Text to: 810-10
Social Media:
REMIND (App)
Tournaments, Maps and Links
Instagram:
This will put your on our Girls WP quick messaging list
Team Dinners/Events
rocklin.girls.polo
Subject: @rocklingwp
links coming shortly.
Granite Bay 6th Annual Grizzly Classic, September 29-30, 2023 at Granite Bay High School,
Link for the Schedule and Standings
Parent Help needed for
Sierra Shootout Tournament Sept 8-9
Sierra Shootout Varsity Tournament is being hotsted at Rocklin HS the next two weekends Friday and Saturday - Sept 8 & 9 and 15th & 16th.  We are aksing Girls families to support the boys tournament this weekend (9/8 & 9/9) and the Boys families to support our girls tournamnent the following weekend on the 15/16th.  (Anyone can help either weekend - we just need to get the shifts filled). Athletes can also signup to help at the desk or with an adult at the gate (they are not allowed to handle $ on their own).
Sept 15-16
Head over to the Sign Up Genius to claim your spot now
Content coming soon
Contact coaches if you are ordering your suit after 7/20/2023
Order from Swim Outlet or Jolyn direct - whichever comes fastest!:
JOLYN Women's Anique Water Polo Suit at SwimOutlet.com
Team Suit is
Jolyn Anique
Anique Water Polo Suitjolyn.com
- color is black
Custom RHS logo is applied here in Rocklin.
Legislative Branch - Congress
Make sure to be an informed voter!
Judicial Branch - Supreme Court
Constitution
Executive Branch - President
Fundamentals of Government
Econ Web page
U.S. GOVERNMENT
Mr. Ryan Spears
Political Parties/Ideology
WELCOME!!!
ALL gov classes web page
Government Calendar
WELCOME
following content areas are addressed: driver education, comprehensive sex education, fitness and nutrition,
Mr. Wagner
Mr. Sturgeon
Thank you for visiting the Driver's Education and Health classwebsites.
environmental and public health, mental health, substance abuse prevention, the Juvenile Justice system, and first
responder care. Emphasis is placed on the development of lifelong positive health-related attitudes and behaviors.
In this course, the student obtains, interprets, and understands basic health information and services. The
Mrs. Hamm
10. Describe types, signs, and intervention of eating disorders.
The essential concepts and skills in this course include:
2. Analyze personal behaviors in relation to health, well
esteem.
14. Explain the specific guidelines on how to manage weight safely.
9. Identify warning signs and intervention steps for suicide.
7. Identify ways to improve self -
15. Identify holistic (physical, social, legal, economic) consequences of drug use.
risk behaviors.
1. Use critical thinking skills to analyze current health information and services.
4. Explore the responsibilities of individuals involved in emergencies. (Good Samaritan Law)
12. Describe the 6 food groups and serving recommendations according to the food pyramid.
8. Describe how to use stress management techniques to manage stress.
Students who pass both semester of Health with a grade of B or better and later attend Sierra College can earn up to 5 units of college credit for their performance at RHS. (3 college units for Sierra College’s Health Ed 2 course and 2 units for Health Ed 1 if student is CPR certified.) These units are transferable from Sierra.
Semester 2, Health Education
3. Recognize general guidelines for administering care.
17. Identify levels of dependency.
II. Course Outcomes:
5. Identify and use the DECIDE strategy for responsible decision making
16. Demonstrate effective refusal skills and healthy responses to high
2+2 Articulation Agreement with Sierra College for Health Education:
being, and personal goals.
mental, social, and environmental health topics. In addition, students will complete Driver Education and Comprehensive Sex Education.
6. Identify the three aspects of overall health and the characteristics of a physically, mentally, and socially healthy person.
13. Apply the Dietary Guidelines for Americans to their own lives and the lives of others.
Health Education will focus on helping students gain knowledge, skills, and behaviors needed for health literacy and lifelong healthy behaviors. The program will introduce students to physical,
11. Describe the FITT principle of exercise.
Independent Living Skills ( I.L.S.)
Welcome to the ILS page!
Ms. Pam King
kpatterson@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Integrated I
Teri Ellenburg:
Welcome!
Kathleen Patterson:
tellenburg@rocklin.k12.ca.us
www.cpm.org
Welcome to Integrated 1.  Core Connections Integrated 1 is the curriculum used in this course.  Integrated 1 is the first year of a three year course progression in which students will discover the concepts of algebra, geometry and statistics with an overall theme of problem solving.
Rocklin High School offers a full scope and sequence in journalism leading to production in all modern areas. In addition, the Communication Studies program continues to work toward full convergence of all media programs giving students opportunities to produce and publish media in a variety of formats. These include a traditional feature magazine, literary magazine and yearbook. In addition journalism is actively involved in the school's internal news feature broadcast , social media in a variety of formats, and online publication. Our photojournalism courses support production in all areas. We also offer Communication Studies 71 as a Dual Enrollment course with Sierra College and expect to expand that in the future.
Photojournalism 2
Photojournalism 1
Flash home page
JOURNALISM
Journalism I-IV Syllabus
Journalism 1
Media home
Journalism 1 is an entry level course to the general field of modern journalism for grades 9-12. It is a "F" approved elective for the University of California and earns the student applied technology credit at Rocklin High School.
Students will be introduced to the dynamic field of journalism evolving quickly in a digital world. They will learn reporting and writing skills and practice them with the intent of publication in a variety of forms. They will also be actively involved with creating, following, and interpreting social media. Finally, they will master basics of design and photojournalism.
Welcome to Advanced Freshmen Language Arts!
Ms. Pilar Padilla
Language Arts Freshmen Advanced
You Tube Clip
Click here to go to
Welcome to Language Arts 1!
https://www.scconline.com/
Mr. Hurrianko's Announcements
Mr. Tim Hurrianko
This is a test
Mrs. Siska
Mrs. Wanner
Language Arts II
Mrs. Batzianis
This is a tenth grade course that exercises and expands all four realms of language arts: reading, writing, speaking, and listening.  Students will be reading assigned literature as well as outside books. Writing will be developed through a variety of techniques and styles.  Students will also be engaged in activities that advance speaking, listening, and presentation skills.
Mrs. Repanich
Welcome to Language Arts II
For all resources please visit our individual Schoology pages.
70% ESAs (Essential Skills Assignments)
4.
Students must make up missed work within one week of an absence to receive full credit.  Please email for missed work.
91-90
20% Prep Work for ESAs (homework, class work, participation, etc)
10.
Any Essential Skills Assessment (ESA) that does not meet mastery must be resubmitted within a predetermined, agreed upon time: after the agreed time frame has gone by the score received will be a zero.
14.
C-
A-
6.
Produce legible work that shows accurate spelling and correct use of punctuation and capitalization
Identify and use a variety of narrative strategies
Develop main idea with supporting evidence
COURSE OUTCOMES: Students will focus on (ESAs) Essential Skills and Concepts to successfully complete writing, reading, and speaking projects including Figurative Language Assessments, Analysis Essays, a Persuasive Essay, Narrative Writing, and the Career Research Presentation.
12.
9.
III.
A+
Commendable
Create an accurate works cited page with multiple sources
Mastery
II.
Excellent
87-82
Write a clear and consistent thesis within an analytical essay
IV.  LANGUAGE ARTS COURSE GRADE WEIGHT:
GRADING POLICY: To successfully pass any course at Rocklin High School, the student must accomplish two tasks.  The first task is to maintain a minimum of 70% of all work assigned during the semester.  The second task is to show proficiency in all skills tested.  Failure to accomplish either of these tasks will result in a no credit.
I.
COURSE DESCRIPTION: This is a tenth grade course that exercises and expands all four realms of language arts: reading, writing, speaking, and listening.  Students will be reading assigned literature as well as outside books. Writing will be developed through a variety of techniques and styles.  Students will also be engaged in activities that advance speaking, listening, and presentation skills.
Demonstrate comprehension of core literature
***If there are special circumstances, the student must email me (or leave a voice mail) explaining the circumstance or the assignment will be considered late).
7.
Students are not required to buy their own books
VII.
Use props, visual aids, graphs, or electronic media to enhance the appeal and accuracy of presentations
B+
Integrate citation into a written text and use appropriate documentation
15.
Language Arts/Communication II
Students progress through the stages of the writing process including evaluation and revision
8.
Using material from another source without citing the source is plagiarism an d will result in disciplinary action (RHS policy).  When in doubt…ask for help!
97-92
LITERATURE:   *Sophomore Core Literature (required sophomore reading)
B-
V.  INSTRUCTOR POLICIES:  ESA assignments must be turned in on the assigned due date (by 3:00 pm) to receive full credit – late papers will receive a grade no higher than a C.  Students may place the assignment in the teacher’s box in the front office or send the assignment as an email attachment if absent.
Twelve Angry Men (Rose)    Selected Short Stories and Poetry      Accelerated Reader Novels
Grading Scale as follows:
89-88
It is very important for students to be prepared on their assigned presentation day in order maintain the class schedule.  Students must be responsible on their assigned day:  If the student is absent/ill, please notify the instructor (email or voice mail) as soon as possible to reschedule.
Course Essential Skills and Concepts:
100
10% Outside Reading/Accelerated Reader assignments
Show control of paragraph structure
If, for some reason, the student misses a due date, he/she will have no more than three weeks to submit the ESA assignment. If this date passes, then the student cannot turn in the assignment, and I will have to assign a score of zero for that assignment. An assignment that is turned in late must be complete and meet all mastery requirements to receive credit. Students may earn half credit for Non-ESA late work within a limited time frame for each unit.
Demonstrate appropriate manuscript requirements such as title page, pagination, and spacing margins
Use classic speech form (introduction, body, and conclusion)
*To Kill a Mockingbird (Lee)     *Night (Wiesel)      Animal Farm (Orwell)
Determine character traits
71-70
79-78 C+
VI.
Demonstrate a variety of sentence constructions with proper punctuation
81-80
11.
MATERIALS:  USB removable device (memory stick) advised
Identify and use multiple examples of figurative language
ESA assignments must be submitted to turnitin.com
5.
77-72
13.
Welcome to Language Arts 3
Welcome to Language Arts/Communications III Honors
Welcome to Language Arts 3 Honors
f.
ESAs need to be turned in on time (by 3 pm on the day due) to receive full credit. If, for some reason, the student is absent on the day of an ESA due date, then he/she must find a way to turn in the assignment (email, turnitin.com, etc.). Ultimately, the responsibility of turning in the assignment on time rests on the student. Here is a breakdown of the grading scale. 70% of the grade is based on ESA results, 10% on AR and the other 20% on everything else assigned (vocabulary, quizzes, timed writes etc.)
b. delivery skills.
The Great Gatsby,
It is the student’s responsibility to attend class regularly. All RHS procedures for attendance and
6. Bill of Rights Research and Debate
4. Core literature for this year:
The Grapes of Wrath
Autobiography/biography on an influential American (summer reading)
4. Students will write persuasive texts that:
2. Bring a binder, paper, pens (black or blue ink), and other required materials every day.
The following units are the major components of the year:
Throughout the class, students will need to demonstrate their learning as they progress through California’s established standards. There are many assignments to help students demonstrate this learning, especially the four essentials skills assignments (ESA) noted later in this syllabus. The following learning will be assessed:
3. Influential American essay and presentation (
a. rhetorical devices;
9. Synthesizing Sources: Entertaining the Conversation (selected readings with M/C quizzes and writing activities)
ESA #3
c. utilize text in analytical writing.
5. Close Reading: The Art and Craft of Analysis (selected readings with M/C quizzes and writing activities)
by F. Scott Fitzgerald
92.4-89.5 A- 82.4-79.5 B- 72.4-69.5 C-
a. The
minimum average of 70%
d.
unit/Dust Bowl Era poetry (Multiple Choice (M/C) exam and AP style timed essay)
100-97.5 A+ 89.4-87.5 B+ 79.4-77.5 C+
8. Activism outline and speech (
Hurston
Their Eyes Were Watching God,
7. Analyzing Arguments: From Reading to Writing (selected readings with M/C quizzes and writing activities)
Course Outcomes/Essential Learning
ESA #4
b.
e
e. A college-level dictionary
6. Students will competently deliver presentations through successful use of:
a.
Honors English is a challenging course that expands on all four realms of Language Arts (reading, writing, speaking, and listening). Students will not only be exposed to assigned fictional literature but also much of the class will focus on non-fictional text such as speeches, essays, editorials, and even visual art like advertisements and political cartoons. The class will expose students to rhetorical strategies, close reading techniques, argumentations, and synthesizing outside sources. These skills will help students expand their understanding of analysis and help them develop as a write. Students will be expected to demonstrate understanding of the material through participation in Socratic seminars, take-home essays, timed in-class essays, debates, classroom discussion, and formal exams. Extensive writing will be developed through a variety of techniques and styles, and students will be engaged in activities that advance speaking, listening, and presentation skills.
13. Vocabulary and Key Terms Quizzes (throughout year)
5. Students will demonstrate competency in editing skills (sentence correctness, spelling, punctuation, and usage) and MLA format.
c. "Self Reliance" by Ralph Waldo Emerson
ESA #2
1. : Students should keep a section of a binder specifically for LA/Comm III/Honors. It should be divided in a logical fashion (i.e.; notes, vocabulary, assignments/handouts, completed work) 2. Bring a binder, paper, pens (black or blue ink), and other required materials every day.
Their Eyes…
tardies will be enforced. Students have the responsibility to ask a fellow student or me for work missed
3. Students will respond to themes in historically or culturally significant works.
Hamlet
: Students should keep a section of a binder specifically for LA/Comm III/Honors. It should be divided in a logical fashion (i.e.; notes, vocabulary, assignments/handouts, completed work)
Walden
The Catcher in the Rye,
Units
12. Socratic seminar / A.P. practice unit (timed writes)
show proficiency in all skills tested within the ESA assessments
2. Students will read a variety of texts and:
11. Hamlet unit
by John Steinbeck (summer reading)
a. analyze author’s purpose and meaning;
and/or to check my web page for assigned homework. I am also available before and after class/school.
14. Outside Reading Unit (starting first quarter and involves AR program: primarily classic fiction geared for AP Lit.)
97.4-92.5 A 87.4-82.5 B 77.4-72.5 C
b. present well-developed arguments, and
The school board has instituted a grading policy which requires that the successful passing of any Language Arts course at Rocklin High School, the student must accomplish two tasks. The first task is to maintain a  during the semester. The second task is to . Failure to accomplish either of these tasks will result in a no credit (NC) for the class at the semester. While the first task is easy to understand, the second task is more complex.
My goal is to hold the student accountable for the work assigned and to be sympathetic to the student’s particular situation. It is important for students to understand that without personal communication on their own behalf, I assume the student missed the assignment because of a bad decision. And—might I add—making mistakes is okay as long as we learn from those mistakes! Some of the greatest lessons in life are derived from making errors. They are life lessons. But do not worry, these types of mistakes only become significantly problematic when the mistakes reoccur.
10. Compare/Contrast essay (
The skills, in which the student must show proficiency, will be assessed through a variety of larger assignments (aka Essential Skills Assessment- ESA). The ESA will clearly define a set of skills necessary for a passing grade. If the skill(s) are not achieved, the student will have an assigned time to correct his/her assignment to show proficiency. If the attempt is made and proficiency is still not achieved, then the student will have more time assigned to show proficiency in the skill(s). This process will continue until the student achieves mastery or the semester comes to a close. If the student fails to master the skill(s) required by the end of the semester or doesn’t attempt the skill(s) during the window of time given, then the lack of mastered skill(s) will result in a NC for the semester. Any ESA assignments turned in late can receive no higher than a C-. In-class work or smaller assignments must be turned in on time or the student will receive half credit for that particular assignment if turned in within a reasonable amount of time from the original assigned due date. Students that miss assignments due to an excused absence will receive no late penalty. If a student misses an assignment, for what ever reason, the student should take it upon themselves to communicate with me in person so that we can come up with a reasonable solution to the missing points.
5. It is highly recommended that a USB storage device is used for power points, typed essays, videos, etc.
KEEP THE SYLLABUS INFORMATION IN YOUR BINDER
g.
and "Civil Disobedience" by Henry David Thoreau
Language of Literature Anthology: American Literature
The school board has instituted a grading policy which requires that the successful passing of any Language Arts course at Rocklin High School, the student must accomplish two tasks. The first task is to maintain a
by William Shakespeare
d. MLA
f. A college-level thesaurus
Notebooks
a. address target audiences,
Handbook for Writers of Research Papers: Sixth Edition
during the semester. The second task is to
by Zora Neale Hurston
by J. D. Salinger
2. An Introduction to Rhetoric: Using the "Available Means" (selected readings with M/C quizzes and writing activities)
1. Students will demonstrate knowledge of vocabulary words.
Essential skills assessment (ESA) #1
3. Suggested texts to purchase:
4. Literary Analysis/ Short story unit (
b. understand and apply literary elements;
c.
c. contain logical organization.
. Failure to accomplish either of these tasks will result in a no credit (NC) for the class at the semester. While the first task is easy to understand, the second task is more complex.
(If calendar does not load,
Loading calendar...
Course Information
Mr. Jeffrey James
MLA and Works Cited Information
Twelfth grade language arts provides a rigorous thematic course of study designed to acquaint students with the demands of college-level work. Our work will explore the question: What is the self? Content has been selected to illuminate different aspects of the theme of identity: How do we define ourselves in relation to family, friends, culture, society and government? How do people gain or lose control of their identities? Who are we and who do we want to be? Students read extensively from a rich world literature curriculum (up to 100 pages per week in novels, plays, short stories, nonfiction and poetry) and write frequently for different purposes and audiences and in a variety of styles (including expository and analytical essays, short fiction, poetry, and informal responses to literature and discussion). Writing assignments emphasize the development of academic skills necessary for students to thrive in college course work. Direct grammar and usage instruction are connected to specific writing assignments and to the needs and interests of students. Writing skills developed include: smooth integration of quotations, closing analytical gaps in argumentation, research organization, use of active voice, pronoun usage, punctuation, conventions of academic writing, use of MLA style, and other areas based on student interest or need. In addition, senior language arts classes aim to develop important skills in speaking and listening through collaboration, presentation and, especially, through Socratic seminar discussion. In these discussions (which form a touchstone for the learning of the course), students take a leadership role, helping to set the agenda for discussion and assuming facilitation duties.
Ms. Angela Parker
Welcome to LA IV
PLUS Period Norms and Expectations
Guide to Grammar and Writing
Peace Summit
: Students are observed during discussions and group collaboration to help the teacher
3. You spend more time thinking about next year than this year.
(50
(50) assignment is used to help the teacher determine student’s prior experiences with and attitude toward writing as well as the student’s initial skill level.
(50) and
1. You imagine your senior year to be one long, amazing social event.
MAY
plenty of time to complete big projects and writing tasks. However, you will be responsible for
and assuming facilitation duties.
(100) and
(150) and will complete weekly analysis paragraphs (40) as we prepare
devices, gain an historical sense of the sweep of movements in poetry, and have an opportunity to
In addition to informal oral and written responses to the readings, students
: Learning is measured through the following activities and assignments:
UNIT SEVEN: Shakespeare and the Crisis of Identity
: We will explore college and career opportunities while at the same time brushing up on research and citation expectations and techniques and discovering Career Center resources. Students will learn vocabulary associated with college curriculum and the application process. We will examine sample college application essays and students will have an opportunity to write and get feedback on their own application essays. Finally, students will produce an I-search
and controversial content while developing the college-level critical reading and rhetorical skills recommended in the California State University Expository Reading and Writing Curriculum.
assignments during each grading period. Come to class with ideas and be ready to talk!
students with the demands of college-level work. Our work will explore the question: What is the self?
you can make up the work. First, ask a classmate. Pick up handouts in the "handout area." Find out
selection. Students will read one work on their
Oct.-Nov
JAMES 632-1600 ex. 6274
Socratic Seminar Project
: The unit will include discussion, personal writing, quizzes and research,
from your peers what additional instructions were given.
The following list identifies some of the warning signs of a dreaded and academically devastating
May
Assignments and Materials
Classroom Procedures
: Students will apply and demonstrate the skills covered throughout the year
demonstrate the ability to perform close reading, pose appropriate questions, develop a supportable
gauge levels of understanding and engagement. Students’ understanding is measured formally in
(including expository and analytical essays, short fiction, poetry, and informal responses to literature
also give students a valuable background in philosophy and allow us to connect to ideas addressed in
One Act Play
college/career I-search
(50) to demonstrate their understanding of rhetorical strategies.
: Student mastery of content is measured by teacher observation and through the
: We will deepen our consideration of our course theme by exploring the
assignments.
be allowed to make up the assignment after speaking with the instructor. A full grade deduction will be assessed for each class day an
AND THE STUDENT MUST REPEAT THE SEMESTER.
include: smooth integration of quotations, closing analytical gaps in argumentation, research
students will utilize these persuasive strategies as they plan a documentary film on a juvenile case
orderly.
NOTE: Major Assignments (demonstrations of essential skills) appear in
A=Mastery of essential skills and at least 90% of points possible on
(100).
their short stories in the form of a one act play set at Rocklin High School utilizing the themes and characterization of the original story.
, if you need additional information or guidance, I will provide it.
bold
UNIT SIX: Self-determination: South Africa
Through a close reading of Shakespeare’s
UNIT EIGHT: Textual Analysis/Short Fiction: "Final Exam"
WARNING!
September
paper designed to help them plan their lives after high school.
in class to work on them. Don’t wait until the last minute!
The success of these class sessions depends upon each and every one of you. If you contribute
It is important for you to come to class regularly and on time. You will find that I begin class promptly,
and discussion). Writing assignments emphasize the development of academic skills necessary for students to thrive in college course work. Direct grammar and usage instruction are connected to specific writing assignments and to the needs and interests of students. Writing skills developed
Assessment
Description/Objective
EXPECTATIONS AND PROCEDURES
GENERAL DESCRIPTION
"reading."
assignments, including participation and cooperation scores. Practice/homework assignments will not be accepted late for any reason. Major measures of learning (long-term demonstrations identified in
usually with a thinking log entry that cannot be made up by latecomers or no-shows. You will also find
sessions can really put you behind. Also, bear in mind that your participation in class discussions is treated as an assignment for this class.
Poetry Exam
. In addition to extending the skills we’ve been developing (discussion, close reading, analysis, research and interpretive writing), students will learn to apply literary/mythological archetypes to their reading (initiation; hero’s quest; Dante’s Fourfold Method). Students will also conduct research that explores a world conflict and the problems and possibilities associated with peacemaking efforts and
assignment is late. A STUDENT MUST HAVE EARNED AN "A", "B", or "C"
individual’s relationship to government and the i power of people to confront oppression and
Students will examine arguments for and against charging and punishing juvenile offenders as
: In this unit students will have an opportunity to explore our course theme
2. You plan to work hard until college applications are turned in.
August
in a formal
5. You dream you come to school in your pajamas, but you end up enjoying it.
and observations. We will become more comfortable with Shakespeare’s language through choral readings, dramatic readings and performances of short sections of the play. The unit will culminate
Poetry Anthology
paper
: Small groups will plan and lead class discussion on assigned texts in the
Cry, the Beloved Country Exam
(70) which will allow students to demonstrate
Discussion skills are so important that you will be observed and evaluated on your participation
the government/economics curriculum. Students will learn how to read for detail, patterns and ideas and
for the learning of the course), students take a leadership role, helping to set the agenda for discussion
fiction writing contest
college terms quiz, college application essay, Socratic seminar,
: This unit will help students develop important skills in close reading, analysis, critical questioning, speaking, listening and collaborative interpretation. These skills are essential for success in college course work and in the work world. The goal is for students be able independently
(50), and
Behavioral Expectations
Cry, the Beloved Country
as they work out their own supported interpretations of a classic short story. Students will
Othello
that assignments often build upon work and discussions we’ve had in class. Missing one or two
Much of our class time will consist of discussion and seminars around the material we are studying.
Juvenile Justice Documentary Storyboard
the
own each quarter.
apply their learning by experimenting with poetry writing of their own. We will cover poetic forms, techniques, performance, critical writing, and vocabulary as students produce an anthology of both collected and original work.
Nov.-Dec.
the ongoing activities of the class. The notebook is your record of your participation and I will use it to help me determine this part of your grade. It will be collected regularly. Please keep it neat and
Students who have demonstrated mastery of the essential learning of the class during a given grading period (by successfully demonstrating essential skills tested in major assignments) will receive a grade based on the student’s point total for
cooperation.
Activities/Assessment
Prep: 7th and 8th per
will apply these skills in individual writing as well as collaborative discussion.
injustice. As a case study, we will look to the experience of the South African people and examine its relevance to U.S. experience past and present. Students will gain background knowledge on South Africa’s history and literature in preparation for our reading of Alan Paton’s novel
: Students will become acquainted with the structure, procedures and expectations of the course through hands-on activities. Students will understand the purpose and methods of: thinking log, Socratic seminar, writing and reading genres and expectations, elements of literature, homework procedures, agenda, student absence procedures, substitute procedures and expectations, emergency procedures, phone procedures, group work procedures and expectations, and conduct expectations for different activities. Teacher will also become acquainted with student background and expectations through introductions, confidential information cards, discussion and the Writer’s Autobiography.
Important poetry and poets--in both breadth and depth. Students will become familiar with poetic
of MLA style, and other areas based on student interest or need. In addition, senior language arts
of class discussion is to come to a better understanding of the issues presented in the literature and to help you improve your ability to express your ideas. Everyone’s perspective is valid, and everyone is entitled to his or her own opinion. While disagreements are healthy, productive, and inevitable, personal attacks, insults, or other forms of disrespect will not be tolerated. In college and in the work world
Outside Reading Exams
ultimately collaborate to show the relevance of literature to our lives by staging and performing
Persuasive Timed Essay
GRADUATION! CONGRATULATIONS!
study.
(50) and a
Feb-Mar
classes aim to develop important skills in speaking and listening through collaboration, presentation
UNIT ONE: Foundations
***Long-term assignment: Quarterly Outside Reading
April-May
organization, use of active voice, pronoun usage, punctuation, conventions of academic writing, use
scheduling time to complete projects. You will not always have time
adults and discover the rhetorical techniques writers use to persuade an audience. Finally,
: Students will keep an informal play log (50) to record thoughts, questions,
Each student will keep a notebook divided into three sections: thinking log, assignments, and notes.
The
UNIT THREE: The Song of the Self: Poetry Anthology
UNIT TWO: Who am I? Who do I want to be? College/Career I-Search
UNIT FOUR: Philosophy and Identity: Socratic Seminar/Textual Analysis
Exam
Jan
point of view and argue an interpretation using the vocabulary of literary study. Groups will
MASTERED THE
UNIT FIVE: Juvenile Justice
COURSE OVERVIEW
for a
Activities/Assessment:
Twelfth grade language arts provides a rigorous thematic course of study designed to acquaint
C=Mastery of essential skills, passing grade in the course, and satisfactory participation and
Writer’s Autobiography
in any group endeavor, and I will insist on them. My expectations are simple, and they are necessary for a smooth-running, comfortable classroom that everyone can feel good about. Disrespectful or uncooperative behavior will be handled swiftly with the support of parents and administration. Remember: Be Prompt, Be Prepared, Be Polite, and Be Positive!
in which students demonstrate foundational skills in close reading, note-taking and discussion as we explore the benefits and dangers of social networking technologies. The
grade in the course. Course must be repeated for credit.
: The goal of this three-week unit is to provide students with a survey of
B=Mastery of essential skills and at least 80% of points possible on
the achievement of justice in that region.
Social Networking Foundations Exam
ESSENTIAL SKILLS OF THE COURSE BY SEMESTER’S END OR AN "NC" WILL BE ISSUED
performance, and write both informally and formally as they grapple with the play’s ideas.
and, especially, through Socratic seminar discussion. In these discussions (which form a touchstone
under "Assessment".
and poetry) and write frequently for different purposes and audiences and in a variety of styles
: The juvenile justice unit allows students to explore fascinating, relevant,
a rich world literature curriculum (up to 100 pages per week in novels, plays, short stories, nonfiction
, students will examine the ways in which Othello misreads the true natures of those around him and consequently loses his own sense of confidence, honor, and identity. Students will learn the elements of drama, experiment with acting and
A significant portion of your overall grade (approximately 10%) will be based on your participation in
(50).
will produce a
Major assignments will be announced, and instructions given, long before they are due. You will have
you will need to be able disagree with others in a professional and productive manner.
your thoughts and feelings in a serious, honest, and respectful manner, we will all learn. The purpose
disease, the pervasive SENIORITIS. If recognized and treated early with periodic doses of positive attitude, determination, and sense of humor, its spread can be controlled.
timed in-class essay exam
Shakespeare Performance
and cooperation during seminars. Discussion participation will be treated as one or more
LA/COM IV jjames@rocklin.k12.ca.us
to plan and facilitate a class discussion on an intellectually challenging nonfiction text. Selected texts
through intensive study of a dramatic work which concerns itself with questions of identity.
Content has been selected to illuminate different aspects of the theme of identity: How do we define ourselves in relation to family, friends, culture, society and government? How do people gain or lose control of their identities? Who are we and who do we want to be? Students read extensively from
****THE COURSE****
4. You feel faint when you hear the words "homework," "essay," "study," or
(60) allows students to experiment firsthand with the elements of literature that are an important foundation of the course.
on the course outline) will be accepted for full credit on the due date only. Students who MISS THE DUE DATE
After you’ve completed these steps
leading to the
(50) will be administered in the final week of each quarter. Book lists and additional details will be provided.
: Student learning will be measured by both formal and informal assessments including: discussion, presentation,
also how to develop provocative, open-ended questions to stimulate talk and interpretation. Students
NC=Student has not demonstrated mastery of essential learning and/or earned a passing
their thinking about the play’s characters and ideas.
be working with adults. Respect, cooperation, and positive attitudes are the most important ingredients
As seniors, you are well aware of what is expected of you when you walk into a classroom. I expect to
If you’ve missed a class, it is your responsibility to find out what went on, what was assigned, and when
Boys JV Roster
Lacrosse
Boys Varsity Roster
2024 Boys Schedule
2024 Sponsors
Fall Ball 2023
Monday-Friday
Helmets
-Mouthguard
Equipment
-Cleats (Lacrosse, soccer, football)
Game Schedule
7pm-9pm
-Athletic Cup
9500 Micron Ave #122
May 18 - End of Year Banquet
April 9 - Quarry Faceoff
Parent Volunteer Board
February 8 - Rocklin Lacrosse Kickoff Party
-Gloves
February 5 - First practice
Helmets will be available to purchase or rent at our first practice on February 5th. Details of helmet pricing will be announced soon.
Stadium Turf
-Helmet
We highly recommend shopping at our one and only lacrosse specific retail store in Sacramento. Lacrosse Fanatic team members will educate on various equipment options to find the best fit for your skill level and budget. Ordering equipment is also available on their website!
Available on both our team website and Maxpreps.com. *All games Home and Away will have a gate fee.
February 11 - Parent Board meeting
Lacrosse Fanatic
April 11 - Senior Night
lacrossefanatic.com
February 12 - Showcase Night
Equipment Checklist:
Important Dates
-Stick
February 26 - JV and Varsity Media Day
REGISTER IN FINAL FORMS ASAP!
Sacramento, CA 95827
-Arm Pads
-Shoulder Pads
We need your help! We are looking for more parent volunteers to support our Parent Board in any capacity. Please reach out if you have any questions or ideas!
JV Head Coach: Thomas Hertan
Email:  coachborton@gmail.com
Varsity Head Coach: Curtis Borton
Assistant Coaches: Shaine Grieshaber, Nick Kumulian, Gavin Risbry, Greg Porter
Phone: 916-662-0466
Pennsylvania native Curtis Borton comes to Rocklin with over 20 years coaching experience. The former University of San Diego Head Coach, also coached at Poway High School, Foothill High School, and Woodcreek High School. He has been working with Rocklin Youth lacrosse for the last four years. He is a Middle School teacher and lives in Rocklin with his wife Megan and two children Michele and Curtis.
Saturday 10/21 - Hockey Rink 8:30am-10:30am
RHS LAX
Saturday 11/18 - Hockey Rink 8:30am-10:30am
Saturday 10/7 - Hockey Rink 8:30am-10:30am
Tuesday 10/3 - Turf 7pm-9pm
Tuesday 11/28 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Saturday 9/16 - Hockey Rink 8:30am-10:30am
All players will need a High School US Lacrosse membership and to register for the Storm Lacrosse Club. The registration fee for the Fall season is $125 - payable through the registration link. See below:
Tuesday 9/26 - Turf 6:45am-8:15am
October
Thursday 10/26 - Turf 7pm-9pm
November
Tuesday 10/31 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Program helmet rentals or buyouts are available for the Fall and Spring season.
https://www.usalacrosse.com/membership
Saturday 11/11 - Hockey Rink 8:30am-10:30am
Thursday 9/28 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Tuesday 9/12 - Turf 7pm-9pm
Storm Lacrosse Club
Thursday 11/2 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Tuesday 10/17 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Thursday 9/21 - Turf 6:45am-8:15am
Saturday 11/4 - Hockey Rink 8:30am-10:30am
Tuesday 10/24 - Turf 7pm-9pm
Thursday 10/12 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Saturday 9/30 - Hockey Rink 8:30am-10:30am
Tuesday 10/10 - Turf 7pm-9pm
Saturday 10/28 - Hockey Rink 8:30am-10:30am
Tuesday 11/14 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Thursday 10/19 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Registration
High School US Lacrosse Membership:
Rocklin High School Stadium Turf - 7pm-9pm or 6:45am-8:15am
https://rocklinlacrosse.sportngin.com/register/form/760112569
Thursday 11/9 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Saturday 10/14 - Hockey Rink 8:30am-10:30am
Thursday 10/5 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Tuesday 11/7  - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Johnson Springview Hockey Rink - 8:30am-10:30am
jeremy.mortara@gmail.com
Thursday 9/14 - Turf 7pm-9pm
Thursday 11/16 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday
Contact Coach JT for quesions at coachmortara@gmail.com
Rocklin High School Grass Soccer Field - 6:45am-8:15am
Thursday 11/30 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Saturday 9/23 - Hockey Rink 8:30am-10:30am
Fall Registration:
Fall Ball 2023 Schedule & Registration
Tuesday 9/19 - Grass 6:45am-8:15am
Jim McCurdy 916-556-5855
Lacrosse Sponsors
Welcome to Boys Lacrosse
environmental issues, marine resources, and current research.  Student prerequisites: interest in the
marine environment and completion of Biology.
First semester outline
Marine Biology is designed to introduce students to a world as immense, enchanting, and mysterious as the one
California Science Standards
Second semester outline
chemistry, and physics.  Through laboratory activities, marine organisms will be explored relative to their
functions, their different habitats, and effects of organism interactions.  The topics studied will include:
Mr. Jeffrey Underwood
Next Generation Life Science Standards
above ground – the ocean world.  The marine environment will be explored as it relates to biology, geology,
Rocklin High School Marine Biology
I am available for extra help Tuesdays and Thursdays after school from 2:45 to 3:45 and by appointment.
Mrs. Kathleen Patterson
Mrs. Mitchell's Class
Welcome to the new Math Analysis web site!
Mrs. Patterson's Class
For class information including assignments and test days go to Schoology.
COMMENTS
15%
OVERVIEW
The teacher will have very few calculators for students to use during class. Since classes are going to be large, it is recommended that students have their own graphing calculators. The Rocklin High School mathematics’ department recommends the TI-83 or TI-84, although other calculators are acceptable.
89
0%
25% (includes Homework quiz scores)
Points will be weighted in the following four categories:
*Do your homework everyday.
Essential Skills
Quizzes
80%
69
Daily assignments, handouts, and calendar for the class can be found on the RHS website under teacher links and Schoology and grades can be found using the grades link on the Rocklin High School homepage.
COMMUNICATION:
* Show all your steps neatly; don’t take shortcuts to get done.
79
I cannot stress enough how important homework is to passing this class. Students who do not complete assignments almost assuredly will struggle in the course. In addition, should you need help, please do not wait to ask for it.  I am available every morning after 7:15 AM, and after school or other times by appointment. Please make sure I know you are coming to meet with me so I can make room for you in my schedule. I also recommend that students work in groups outside of class. Previous students of mine have found this to be very effective.
70%
Math Analysis will focus on extending students knowledge from Algebra II and introducing topics from trigonometry and discrete mathematics.  These topics include: trigonometry (unit circle and triangle definitions, trigonometric values of important angles, identities, and numerous applications), conic sections, inequalities, and the exploration and interpretation of functions. These functions include: algebraic, trigonometric, logarithmic, exponential, rational and polynomial functions. Students will also be introduced to the concepts of statistics and data analysis. Students are expected to be active learners in this class. Important keys for success are:
* Listen and participate in class discussions.
CALCULATORS
Note:  If a student is in danger of not passing Spring semester, Math Tutorial credit may be given at the end of Spring semester  to those students with an overall percentage above 60% and homework percentage above 70%. This is at the teacher’s discretion.
GRADING
Grades will be earned as follows:
* Work all period on MATHEMATICS.  Stopping early is not acceptable behavior.
90%
Aerobic Walking and Conditioning
Lifetime Sports
Rainy Day T25 Cardio Session
Mr. Steve Taylor                                                      Mr. Jason Adams
PE CLOTHES
Mental health and wellness training/activities
Physical Wellness
Emailing a teacher:
Volleyball
Fitness Lab
Bring receipt to PE Dept to pick  up PE Clothes
Units:
Dance/Tumbling
Teacher Contact Information:
Flex Period PE Make-Ups
Medical Questions
Healthy for life!
Payment collected at Student Store
RHS Fitness For Life
Shorts (royal blue)  $15
Rocklin High School has a 3 year Physical Education requirement.
A state mandated course for Freshman that includes the following components:
Please include STUDENT NAME and CLASS PERIOD
PE Clothes are always on sale
The best way to contact your P.E. teacher is via email
PE Electives
FAQ's
The emphasis in activities is to provide an awareness of the importance of daily exercise, social skills, sportsmanship, and the enjoyment of physical activity throughout a lifetime.
Self Defense
Athletic Weights Womens/Mens
PE 1
Health related fitness tests are administered each quarter to all students in order to better assess student progress.
FLast@rocklinusd.org
Rockfit
General Weights
Student/Parent → Principal
PE 1 students working on their Ballet Routines
It is the goal of the Physical Education department to provide students with opportunities to develop an optimal level of physical fitness through the use of psychomotor development activities, cardiovascular endurance/flexibility/strength training, and wellness education.  Health related activities are integral part of the program at all levels.
Student → Teacher (Either face to face or email where student contacts teacher)
T-shirt (gray) $15
Student/Parent → Teacher, Counselor (Plan next steps if any)
Student → Counselor (Counselor contacts teacher)
PE1
Ms. Debi DeVinna
Freshman swimming breast stroke in PE 1
Daily, vigorous exercise with a goal of improving overall personal fitness
activites include flexibility, cardio training, core exercise and muscle strength/endurance
If a student or parent has a question or concern please use the RHS Communication Protocol is as follows:
Student/Parent → Assistant Principal, Counselor
Contacting your teacher:
Mr. Dave Muscarella  (Co-Dept. Chair)                  Mr. Grant Depue  (Co-Dept Chair)                Mr. Tim Kenney
RHS PE Gradiing Information
Pickleball
Welcome to RHS PHYSICAL EDUCATION
dd/8-23
Will my student athlete lose points when they miss class due to RHS Athletic event?
RHS PE staff monitors the AQI
Two reasons; first- it can take some time for information to filter to us from the main office due to the volume of information they are dealing with.  Second, it helps us work with students and safely modify activity while holding them accountable for activities they should be doing/medications they should be using/etc
Will my student lose points when they are absent?
t?
NO: PE Shorts must be Royal Blue, shirts must be Gray
YES! Students may earn back points lost due to lack of participation, fitness, non-suits, absences, etc… by participating in correctives offered during any Flex period.
Don't see your question here?  Please contact Dave Muscarella dmuscarella@rocklinusd.org  or your teacher to get those questions answered.
:  If your student needs to be excused for PE please send a note on the day you would like them excused.  Our goal is to keep students engaged whenever possible/appropriate. Please include specific information so that whenever possible we can MODIFY activity to keep your student involved. Notes should include students first and last name, date, and reason along with a parent signature and contact information. If the student is unable to earn participation points, by completeing the daily activites, they will be encouraged to attend and participation in Flex time to earn missed points.
Yes- Physical Education is rooted in participation.  Students who are absent will be encouraged to attend correctives during Flex time.  Any assessments/written assignments missed will also need to be made up.
When my student brings a note to be excused from PE does he/she still need to dress ou
and holding them out of activities they should not be participating in.
Students not participating in P.E. due to parent note are REQUIRED to dress in P.E. uniform (unless physically unable to)  and participate in a modified activity (when appropriate). If they are unable to participate in the activities they may earn their points when they are heathly enought to do so during Plus Period   (See Flex Period PE Make-Ups)
What about sweatshirts or pants?
Students who are not able to participate will not earn daily participation points.  IF activities can be modified appropriately and safely with direction from the Physician, students may be able to earn partial to full credit.  Student missing participation have the opportunity to earn any points missed during Flex Period (see Flex Period PE Make-Ups)
10. If I have filed a medical form with the main office, why do I have to do another one for the PE Department?
http://sparetheair.com/aqirealtime.cfm
4. Are "soffe" shorts okay?
Do students exercise outside in escessive heat?
RHS PE staff monitors the outside temperature and will modify curriculum according to district policy  Some classes are affected more than others depending on time of day and activity.
SAMPLE NOTE
Writing a note
If my student loses points can they earn them back?
3.  Does my student "lose points" if they have a doctor's note.
NO:  RHS PE requires that students wear shorts of appropriate length- think basketball or soccer style shorts.  "Short" shorts are not appropriate.
Any health issues that may affect the student’s participation in P.E. activities needs to be documented by a Physician and on file with both the School Health Office and the P.E. Teacher before activity begins.(i.e. asthma, OSD, scoliosis, IBS, …)
and will modify curriculum according to district policy  Some classes are affected more than others depending on time of day and activity.
…
Do students exercise outside when the air quality is bad?
Students may wear them IF they are blue/gray.
YES!
Maybe.  Athletes MUST communicate AHEAD of time (preferably one class period before absence) and will be held accountable for any assignment/test they miss- they will not need to make-up "participation" .
Forms are available on the "Medical Questions" page of our website.
Are black shirt/shorts okay ?
Students may "bank" points by completing make-ups before needed.  Ex. If a student is going to be ablsent they can complete make-ups before they go.
PE MAKE-UPS
. These students will  be responsible for any assigment or assessment missed, but will not be required to make up daily participation.
RHS Fitness for Life
Successful completetion of one 25 minute make-up will earn 5 points.
GENERAL INFORMATION FOR PE MAKE-UPS
Activities will include general fitness activities at the teachers discretion. Any medical limitations will apply to make-up activities but students must inform the supervising teacher.
Click HERE to go to the
(ex. Written tests, skills tests, lab activities…)
There are NO MAKE-UPS BEFORE or AFTER SCHOOL
required to notify their teacher ahead of time (one class period)
Specific Assignment make-ups can be completed by appointment with your teacher or during Flex time.
Participate in a community/charity sponsored fitness event (fun run, triathlon etc..) and earn make-up credits!
Students may be assigned to Flex time at the discretion of their teacher.
page to learn more about earning up to 10 points towards their PE grade.
Students who miss class due to AP exams and Athletic Events are
Participation make ups are offered Tuesdays-Fridays during Flex time, meet at the pool )swm) or in the stadium at 10:25.
Participation requires proper PE attire and sign-in
Scroll through slide deck for IMPORTANT information about using Flex Period for PE make-ups
Students arriving late will not be able to participate
the student is being excused/modified from the parent/Physician.  All notes must be presented ON the same day of  class .  If the student needs to be excused for more than 3 school days, a doctor’s note is required.  This note must be on file with the P.E. Instructor. Student will be encouraged to earn the daily points they missed during Flex time.
Short Term MPE
Letter to Parents
FIRST AID/INJURIES
REPORT ALL IN CLASS INJURIES TO YOUR TEACHER IMMEDIATELY
Students will be expected to carry the inhaler to class everyday.
Modified PE Letter
ONG TERM MPE i
form completed by their physician.  This will help the Physical Education staff develop a plan so the student can safely earn points and participate in class activities. (see chronic conditions above).
Modified PE Form for Physicians
Students requiring the use of inhalers need to have modified PE  forms on file with the school health office and their P.E. Teacher.
SIGNED AND DATED note
Students unable to participate will not earn daily participation points
EXEMPTION
It is the goal of the RHS Physical Education Department to keep students actively involved whenever possible and appropriate.  Goal number  one is the health and safety of of the student.  Students who are unable to participate due to injury or illness will not earn daily participation points.  Prompt and clear communication between Parent/Physician and Teacher is important.  If the Doctor specifically allows it, most activities can be  modified allowing students to remain engaged at an appropriate level until they can return to full participation.  Not all activites can be modified for all circumstances.  Not all modifications requested are available.  When in doubt, please email your P.E. teacher.  In the event the a student cannot participate they will have the opportunity to earn the points they missed during Flex Period PE Make-Ups.
In order to be excused from/modify class activities the student must bring a
Modified Physical Education Form
:  L
ASTHMA/CHRONIC CONDITIONS AFFECTING PARTICIPATION
MODIFIED PHYSICAL EDUCATION (MPE)
Basic first aid supplies are available in the P.E. offices for accidents and injuries that occur during class time.  Students requiring more medical aid will be sent to the Nurse's office. Please see school nurse for accidents and injuries that occur outside of P.E.
: is for students who are physically unable to participate in any activity during class due to permanent illness or injury as documented by a physician.  These students will meet with their counselor to work on course placement.  These students will not earn credit for the semester from which they are exempted.
is for those students with an injury/illness that requires modifications for less than 6 weeks. Not all class activities can be modified, not all requested modifications are available. (I recommend we erase this)   These students are required to have a
form completed by their physician.  If a student is unable to participate in class activities,they will not earn daily participation points.
LONG TERM MEDICAL:
MEDICAL INCOMPLETE:
ex... broken bones, extended illness, surgery, etc...
Short Term Medical participation
For the safety of our Student Athletes, a Medical excuse from PE will also be excluded from athletic participation.
SAMPLE PARENT NOTE
is for those students who become ill or injured during the school year and are unable to continue, or will miss 6 weeks or more of class activity.  These students will be referred to their counselor as soon as the P.E. teacher receives medical documentation.  These students can earn course credit after minimum requirements (70%) have been met.  Students will have one full semester to complete any make-ups necessary to meet those requirements. Students may also choose to retake the semester at a later date (medical withdrawl).
Physical Education Banner
explains who qualifies for Modified PE
It is the understanding of the Physical Education department that if a student is well enough to attend school, then he/she is well enough to participate in Physical Education.  However, we also recognize that there are legitimate reasons for being excused from/modifying physical activity. In the event the student cannot participate fully they can earn their points during Flex time Make-ups.  Our goal is to have students engaged in daily activities so if we can apporpriately and safely modify their activity a student may still earn points.
MPE
Sample Note for P.E.
which includes
why
s for those students with chronic conditions that may limit their participation in physical education for the entire school year.  Examples would be.. scoliosis, Osgood-Schlatter’s, IBS,  and some forms of asthma.  These students are required to have a
There are many conditions that may limit but not exclude a student from participation in Physical Education activities.  These may include Asthma, Scoliosis, Diabetes, IBS and more.  Our goal is to ensure that each student participates appropriately to their full ability.   Modified P.E. forms are available with the link below or from your teacher and should be completed and returned as early as possible.
Students with a note will dress in P.E. clothes and participate as appropriate.
PE1 must be successfully completed before students can move on to an Elective Course.
RockFit
Elective Class Descriptions
PE Permission Slip
Rocklin High School is proud to offer an extensive Elective Physical Education program to meet the three year requirement for our students.  Our Elective program is designed to promote lifelong participation in a wide variety of activities that will enhance the overall fitness of all participants.  For course descriptions click on the links below.
Ballet Skills
More Dance Skills
Tuck Roll
The 5 Ballet Positions
Arabesque
Kick Ball Change
Jete or Leap
Knee Fall
Straight Jump
Chaine Turn
Fifth Position
Lunge
Hitch Kick
Releve
Passe
Swimming
Second Position
Changement
Fourth Position
Plie
Jazz Slide
Third Position
Grapevine
Basic Ballet Steps
First Position
Cross Touch Step
Straight Kick
Ballet Vocab
Units include:
use link to the left to view skills
Tumbling
Country Western Swing/ Line Dances
Materials Needed:  PE Uniform including appropriate shoes
Assessment:  Performance Based Skills testing will be completed at the end of each unit.  The Ballet unit also has a written test for vocabulary/identification.
Instruction will be provided in multiple disciplines of dance and tumbling.  This unit will include partner, individual, and group opportunities.  Topics of social etiquette and personal hygiene will be addressed.
Hip Hop
Ballet/Jazz
4. Flexibility/Anatomy
All PE 1 students will participate in our Fitness Lab unit throughout the course.  This is an academic unit that combines reading, writing, and hands on lab activities to explore the science and principles that govern physical fitness.
ASSESSMENT: Students will complete a short assessment at the completion of each unit.
6. Injury Prevention and Care
3. Cardiovascular Fitness
The lessons included are listed below.
2. Principles of Training and The FITT Formula
1. 5 Components of Fitness
7.  Mental Health and Wellness
5.Muscular Strength and Endurance
Pickle Ball
Participation is includes daily participation, dressing out, fitness testing, cardio assessments, written assessments, and skills assessment.
CDE website
For PE 1 classes:
to take and successfully complete PE 1 at RHS.  This course has a strong focus on improving personal fitness as well as exposing students to mulitple genres of physical activity that we hope will help promote a lifetime appreciation and recognition of the importance of physical fitness.  We are following the 8 California State Frameworks for Physical Education.
Push-Ups: Upper Body Strength
Units include: (use links to the left for more information)
Trunk Extension/Shoulder: Flexibility
Please refer to the General Information page for more info regarding Grading Policies and PE Uniforms.
Mile Run: Cardiovascular Fitness
are required
ALL PE 1 students must also complete statewide fitness testing (PFT).
2 tests
Curl Ups: Abdominal Strength
For more information regarding PFT visit the
All Freshmen
Assessment:  Performance Skills Test for stroke proficiency
If your student has anxiety regarding swimming, or is a non swimmer, please contact your PE Teacher PRIOR to the first day your student is getting in the pool.
Students will be instructed on a minimum of 4 swimming strokes including Backstroke, Elementary Backstroke, Breaststroke, Sidestroke, and Freestyle.  Additional strokes may be introduced as time allows.  Other skills taught nclude treading water and floating.
Materials Needed:  Bathing suit APPROPRIATE for school.  This is an activity course  and swimwear should be chosen carefully.  There are no requirements as to color or style of suit.   A swim cap for longer hair is recommended.  Goggles are optional but strongly recommended.  Students will need shoes going to and from the pool and must provide their own towel. Students should aways have their PE clothes/shoes available.
Students will be instructed on three basic volleyball skills, passing, setting and serving.  Additional skills such as hitting and serve/receive formations may be included as time permits.  Students will also learn the basic rules of volleyball.
Performance Skills Tests
Assessment:  Written Test
Volleyball Notes
after the event.
2. Sign up and register for the event.
To receive credit for doing a run/race you must:
1. Get pre-approval with your PE teacher for the event you want to participate in.
HTML Test
5. Make sure your photo includes your bib on your shirt and you are nice and sweaty!
3. Participate in the event.
iframes are not supported by your browser.
NO LATER than 1 WEEK
6. Email your teacher the photo
. These points can be used as corrective points or as extra credit.
Rocklin High School PE students have the opportunity to participate in Fitness for Life activities such as 5k's, biathalons, triathalon's, walk for cures (ex:Bay to Breakers), half marathons, marathons, and other events like these to receive
4. Take an action photo during the event and/or a finish line photo after the event.
10 points in their PE class
GRAY
Not participating for the entire class period will affect the students daily grade.
blue
All PE Classes are graded
The main reason students fail to earn credit in Physical Education is due to absences from class, failing to dress for the activity, and lack of participation.
Cross Training//Running type shoes appropriate for physical activity.  Shoes should have laces that can be tied.
.  Excessive absences, lack of participation, and Medical excuses will directly affect your daily participation points. If a student is unable to participate (absent. injured, not dressed appropriately​ etc...) they will not earn daily participation points.
Clothes worn to school cannot be used for P.E.
THERE WILL BE NO “LOANER” PE CLOTHES
All uniforms must be marked with student’s last name using a permanent marker
Misconduct (M)- any unacceptable behavior as defined by RHS code of conduct will result in the iloss of participation points
Flex Period Make-ups
NC = <70%
PLAIN (no logos etc..)
Illness/Injury that prevents participation in class activities
participation
they are PLAIN
PE LOCKS -
COOLER WEATHER brings questions about sweatshirts and sweatpants. Both are okay to wear in class as long as they are
C =  79-70%
SHOES REQUIRED
Students are encouraged to make up any participation points missed due to absence/illness/injury etc
Student Grades are available through Schoology and are updated regularly.  If you have a question, please contact your teacher
Not participating to the expected level for each activity during class will affect daily participation points.
B =  89-80%
Each student will be given a Master Lock at the start of the year to ensure they can keep their stuff safe while in class.
PE Clothes
A =  100-90%
How students can MAKE-UP
ROYAL
A lost lock will cost $10 to replace
IF
Leggings may be worn UNDER your PE shorts
Tardies will affect the students ability to earn full participation points.
shirts issued by RHS teams/clubs  are acceptable.
T-shirts can be purchased through RHS ($15.00) or students can provide their own as long as they are
Some classes may require a uniform unique to their class activity. Ex..Freshmen Swimming Unit=Swim suit (does not need to be blue), swim caps and goggles are recommended but not required.
Each absence will affect daily participation points.
The grade includes active participation in daily activities, dressing out, fitness testing, and assessments (cardiovascular, written, and skills assessment). Students may earn up to 10 participation points a day.
requires regular attendance and participation
Not wearing the complete Physical Education uniform (Incomplete Uniform) may affect your students daily participation points. Example:  black shorts or a green shirt.
(See Flex Period  PE page)
REQUIRED SHIRTS
GRAY and PE shirt is worn underneath.
SHORT SHORTS (i.e. "soffe" are not appropriate for P.E.)
Students are responsible for having the appropriate P.E. Uniform for class each day.
and will result in a non-suit.  (This includes “game day” or "warm up" attire for athletes)
points:
This should be done within the first week of class. Lost uniforms cannot be reclaimed unless a name is clearly marked on the uniform.
Students must earn a 70% or above to earn credit for the semester
they comply with the above requirements (gray shirt, blue shorts)
for the day.
SEMESTER GRADES
Reasons Students may not earn full daily participation points.
BLUE
REQUIRED SHORTS
If your student is not dressed in appropriate Physical Education clothes (Non-Suit) they may not be able to earn the maximum daily participation points.
Each student will be expected to participate in the physical education program wearing a complete set of “marked” regulation gym clothes.
blue gym shorts can be purchased through RHS ($15.00) or students can provide their own as long as
*Athletic "SPIRIT PACKS" may be worn
Follow Biology Course Content on Schoology
New Page 1
Link To ThunderPhysics.com
ThunderPhysics.com
To view Physics Course Content click on the following link:
Biology
Physics 1 & Biology
Course Correspondence & Calendar
Mr. Craig Waechtler
Welcome Pre-Calculus/Trigonometry Students!
HERE.
To see Mr. Trejo's calendars and assignments, please login to Schoology
Summer Assignment can be found
To see Mr. Waechtlers calendars and assignments, please login to Schoology
Mr. Mike Trejo
* Do your homework everyday.
Tests/Concepts
We cannot stress enough how important homework is to passing this class.  Students who do not complete assignments almost assuredly will struggle in the course. In addition, should you need help, please do not wait to ask.  We are available before school each day and other times by appointment. Please make sure your teacher knows you are coming so they can make room in their schedule.  We also recommend that students work in groups outside of class. Previous students have found this to be very effective.
a Graphing Approach (3rd ed.)
In pre-calculus/trigonometry, students will use geometry, algebra and new skills to achieve a deep understanding of the topics necessary for success in calculus. These topics include: trigonometry (unit circle and triangle definitions, trigonometric values of important angles, identities, and numerous applications), trigonometric form of complex numbers, De Moivre’s theorem, parametric and polar equations and graphs, and exploration and interpretation of functions. These functions include: algebraic, trigonometric, logarithmic, exponential, rational and polynomial functions. Students will also be introduced to the concepts of mathematical induction and limits. Students will be expected to do more work in this class than in any previous mathematics class. Important keys for success are:
The teacher will have a few calculators for students to use during class. Since classes are going to be large, it is recommended that students have their own graphing calculators. The Rocklin High School mathematics department recommends the TI-83 or TI-84, although other calculators are acceptable.
If at the end of the semester a student has earned an overall grade of 60-69% and has an overall assignment score at or above 70%, then the student would earn Math Tutorial credit for that semester.
Grades are not rounded up!
Pre-Calculus with Limits,
Daily assignments, handouts, and grades can be found on the Rocklin High School homepage at
PRE-CALCULUS/TRIGONOMETRY
by Larson, Hostetler, Edwards
65%
http://rhs.rocklinusd.org
Text:
Welcome to Psychology!  It is going to be a great year.
Psychology!!
Psychology and Sociology
-Testing, Traits and Abilities
-Conditioning, Storage and Retrieval of Information
-Research and the Scientific Method
-Mental Disorders and Psychotherapy
Excused
Essential Skill not passing but must be made-up.
Units of Study
Psychology and Sociology is an academic elective, fulfilling the UC and CSU “g” requirement.  We will spend the first semester and most of the second exploring Psychology, the study of individual human behavior and mental processes. For some of the second semester, we will explore Sociology, the study of social groups and interactions.  In both disciplines we will employ an interactive style, encouraging students to actively participate in their own learning.  In addition, we will emphasize current events and real world applications, demonstrating the relevance of the course content to the students’ lives.
Unit Seven:  Personality and Intelligence
Due to the depth of our study of Psychology, we will only complete one unit of study in Sociology, introducing students to the basics of the study of human interaction and social groups.  Our study will touch on such subjects as: Culture, social inequality, and social institutions such as the family, the media, and religion.
-Neurons, Central and Peripheral Nervous System
-Gender Differences
Mi  (Missing)
E-mail:  mhardy@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Study of Psychology
In order to pass Psychology/Sociology, students are required to:
There will be a cumulative final exam in Psychology after Unit 8 is completed.
Units will include coursework/homework, projects, and tests. The projects and tests will serve as assessments of essential skills and concepts. Coursework/homework is important in helping students to master the concepts.
Pens:  In addition to a pen or pencil, students should show up each day with a functioning dry erase (white board) pen.  We will use these for in-class review.
Ex
*Clearing a No Mark on a test will result in the score being changed to 70% if the original test score was greater than 50%.  If a student scores less than 50% on a test, the grade will be raised to 60% upon clearing the test.
Unit Six:  Consciousness
Ab
Unit One:  Memory and Learning
The essential concepts and skills associated with each unit will be clearly explained at the time of the unit.
Non Essential Skill cannot be made up.
Unit Two:  History and Theories of Psychology
Not Taken/Not Turned In or No Name
-Thinking and Language Development
Unit Four:  The Developing Person
NM
Each category will contribute to the final grade as follows (approximations):
-Lifespan and Stages
Absent can be made up
0
Notebook: It is vital that you keep an organized notebook of lecture notes, handouts, and coursework in order to prepare for tests. In addition, your notebook will include a section of “Response Journal” entries, which will be turned in each semester as a required project.
Textbook:  For our study of Psychology, each student will check out a copy of the textbook, Understanding Psychology by Richard A. Kasschau.  For our study of Sociology, we will utilize the textbook, Sociology and You by Shepard and Greene, though students will not check out their own copy.
Study of Sociology
-President John F. Kennedy
Welcome to Psychology and Sociology!  Together, we will explore the exciting world of individual human thought and behavior, as well as social interaction.  My goals for you as a student are as follows.  First, that you would master the essentials of Psychology and Sociology.  Comprehending these subjects will certainly deepen your understanding of the world, yourself, and the people around you.  Secondly, I hope that we all enjoy the process of discovery.  I believe that learning can and should be fun!  Thirdly, I hope that this course awakens in you a desire to seek out more knowledge about human behavior and interaction.
“Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education.  The human mind is our fundamental resource.”
Class Participation-Note to Students
-Sleep and Dreams, Altered States
Grades will be determined according to the following scale:
Unit Eight:  Abnormal Psychology
1) Demonstrate mastery of all essential skills and concepts. If any skills and concepts have not been mastered when a semester ends, a grade of no credit will be issued for that semester.
Unit Three:  The Brain/Neuroscience
Unit Five:  Sensation and Perception
Prep/Office Hours:  Mr. Hardy is available in room L1 from 12:45 to 3:15 on Blue days, and during lunch and after school on Silver days.
Due to the nature of the course, we will study and discuss some sensitive topics. This will require a high level of maturity.  It is vital that we respect one another, and everyone’s right to express themselves.
-The five senses, illusions
I have read and understand the course syllabus for Psychology/Sociology
Cranston's Corner
Mrs. Cristi Tanner
Second semester will fly by! Make sure you stay up on your assignments!
Welcome seniors to the 2017/2018 school year.
Mrs. Louise Cranston
Hello,  this is Mrs. Fitzpatrick!
Tanner's Notes:
Count Down
Welcome Back to School -  Time to have FUN!!!
Events
Mrs. Michelle Fitzpatrick
Study Skills--9th Grade
Mrs. Rachelle Sloan
Tanner's Syllabus
Welcome to Mrs. Cranston's Corner
Syllabus--9th/11th/12th grades--Rochford/Fitzpatrick--'13-14
9th/10th Grade RSP
George Carlin
Be respectful of adults and peers
Office Hours: After school by appointment
Resource Specialists:
Be on time to class
Be prepared with materials for all classes daily
Positive attitude
IV.      Materials
Cranston Syllabus
lcranston@rocklin
The Study Skills course teaches study skills, organization, and assists with special education students to maintain daily assignments as well as to achieve IEP goals.
Study Skills    Room R2
e-mail:
Classroom Expectations
The student planner will be checked daily for 40% of the grade
Self advocate/Communicate needs
(10th, 11th & 12th
The focus of Study Skills is to make students independent learners.
)       Periods Taught: 1,2,3,4,5,6  Prep:  Period(s) 7 & 8
Participation/ behavior is 10% of the grade and will be given according to how well a student’s time is utilized
Daily use of planner
Grading Policy:
Engaged in on-task behavior
Course Outcomes:
Louise Cranston
Students will demonstrate time on task
30% for homework completion
Students will demonstrate study skills by maintaining a complete student planner
Students should come every day with their planner, binder, pens, pencils, paper
20% for Study Skills assigned in-class work, quizzes
Course Syllabus 2017-2018
Students will maintain respectful behaviors at all times during study skills
V.
and all regular classroom assignments for both Blue and Silver Days
usd.org
Preferred way of communication is through e-mail
My parents/guardians and I have read the course syllabus and understand what is expected in the course, Study Skills.
10% for Study Skills assigned in-class work and/or silent reading book
Parent e-mail address______________________________________________
Please sign and tear off the portion below.  Student should return the required lower portion to Study Skills teacher (10 Points towards grade).
Voicemail: # 6000     Prep:   Periods  7/8
Students should come every day with their planner, binder, pens, pencils, paper and all regular classroom assignments for both Blue and Silver Days.
______________________________________________________________
Due Date Thursday  8-22 Silver   and   Friday  8-23 Blue
Study Skills    Room R6
Self advocate/ communicate needs
Be respectful towards adults and peers
The focus of Study Skills is to encourage students to become independent learners.
The Study Skills course teaches study skills, organization, and assists    with special education students to maintain daily assignments, CAHSEE (10th-12th grades) and transition postsecondary education (11th and 12th grades) preparation, as well as to achieve IEP goals.
Parent Signature and date
Participation/ behavior is 65% of the grade and will be given according to how well a student’s time is utilized
Study Skills Period
Michelle Fitzpatrick (9)       Voicemail: # 6006    Prep:   Periods  3/6
Cyd Rochford (11/12)
Office Hours: Before and after school by appointment or during Prep Periods
Course Syllabus ‘13-‘14

Course Syllabus--Rochford/Fitzpatrick
Student Name: ___________________________
e-mail: crochford@rocklin.k12.ca.us
The student planner will be checked daily for 25% of the grade
Excessive absences/ tardies will have a negative impact on grade
Parent cell phone # _______________________________________________
e-mail: mfitzpatrick@rocklin.k12.ca.us
- -- --- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- -- - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ----------------------------
Student Signature and date
_______________________________________________
The Study Skills course teaches study skills, organization, and assists with special education students to maintain daily assignments, CAHSEE (10
10 Points toward grade.
20% for Study Skills assigned in-class work
or cell # (916) 276-3448
Cristi Tanner
grade) preparation, as well as to achieve IEP goals.
______________________________________________
20% for homework completion
grades) Prep: Periods 1 & 2
ctanner@rocklin.k12.ca.us
: ___________________________
grade) and transition postsecondary education (10
Due Date Tuesday 8-23 Blue and Wed. 8-24 Silver
(10th & 11th
Please sign and tear off the portion below. Student should return the lower portion to Study Skills teacher for
Participation/ behavior is 20% of the grade and will be given according to how well a student’s time is utilized
Course Syllabus 2013-2014
Study Skills Room R5
IV. Materials
Tryout and Practice Info
2023 Varsity Team
Representing AVP America
Working to return to Santa Cruz
Email: dquok@rocklinusd.org
Assistant Coach - Courtney Schneider
Head Coach - Devon Quok
All Tryouts and Practices are held at Harry Crabb Park
Tryouts
Monday, February 12th 3:00-4:30pm
1000 Scarborough Dr. Roseville
Wednesday, February 14th 4:45-5:15pm
Mondays 3:00-4:30 and Wednesday, 4:45-5:15
Practices (*subject to change)
Basic Algebra
http://schoology.rocklinusd.org/home#
Study Skills Syllabus
The best way to find out what we are doing in our classes is to visit Schoology. We each have class pages at this site. To access Schoology, follow this link:
Mr. Michael Knight
Welcome to the Special Day Class Website and the 2015-2016 school year.  We look forward to teaching and working with your student this year.
Ms. Jennifer Kaiser
Basic Pre-Algebra
Background
Mr. Scott Shier
three-ring binder,
Course Objectives:  The essential skills and concepts that will be covered in this course include:
paper,
Absolute value
Writing Algebraic Equations
Probability
Solving Quadratic Equations
Course Syllabus: Basic Algebra  2013-2014
Graphing Parabolic Equations
Factoring Quadratics
Please sign and tear off the portion below. Student should return the lower portion to Math teacher for 10 Points towards grade.
Graphing Linear Equations
Only work done in pencil will be accepted!
Algebraic Properties of Real Numbers
Distributive Property
calculator,
Homework/Grading Policy:  Class work will be given every class period, unfinished class work will become homework for that night.  Students will also be working with Renaissance Math, they will need to complete at least two of these each week, as homework.  In order to receive a passing grade in class, every student must earn a least a 70% with all work completed.  Students’ grades will be determined as follows:
Due Date:  Thurs 8-30 Blue   and    Friday  8-31 Silver
Class work, homework, and participation- 50%
#2 pencils
Please print
Area and Perimeter
date
Solving Systems of Equations
Prep: Periods 7 & 8
10 points
Scott Shier
Preferred way of communication is through e-mail sshier@rocklin.k12.ca.us  or by phone 916-632-1600 x 6277
Solving Single Variables Equations
Integer Manipulation
Materials:  It is highly recommended that each student have a
Ratios
Multiplying Binomials
Combining LikeTerms
colored pencils
Red Pen
Rules of Exponents
Order of Operation
Tests and quizzes - 50%
ruler
Office Hours:   before or after school by request
graph paper,
Course Description:  College Preparatory Mathematics is the curriculum used in this course.  This is a first-year algebra course with an overall theme of problem solving.  The students will develop their problem solving abilities by learning the skills:  numeric and algebraic manipulation, probability, graphing and equations solving.
Addition and subtraction skills
Course Outcome:  The essential skills and concepts that will be covered in this course include:
Tests and quizzes
Solving Single Variable Equations
Only work done in pencil will be accepted.
Course Syllabus: Basic Pre Algebra
Combining like Terms
Division
Multiplication
Materials:  It is highly recommended that each student have a calculator, three-ring binder, paper, graph paper, ruler and pencil.
class work, homework, and participation
Units:  This class will cover a variety of material.  Every assignment and concept discussed throughout the course enables students to show an understanding of the skills through oral and written demonstration.
Beginning Graphing
Course Description:  Basic Pre Algebra is a course that will cover basic mathematical skills, calculator use, and pre-algebra.  The students will develop problem solving abilities by learning some or all of the following skills:  basic math concepts, numeric and algebraic manipulation, probability, beginning graphing and equation solving.
Welcome to Basic Science and the 2015-2016 school year.  This year we are studying Life Science.
***The student’s grade will be derived from an average of all work completed during each unit of study and based on the following breakdown:
●RHS student planner
Basic Science Syllabus
Homework / Classwork                                   50%
Semester 1:  Life Science
Essential Skills (test, projects)                        25%
●Homework (as assigned)
80-89               B
Mr. Knight
http://schoology.rocklinusd.org/
mknight@rockin.k12.ca.us
Quizzes / Warmups                                         25%
Welcome to the 2015/2016 school year.  It will be a pleasure working with your student this year.  It is important that we maintain consistent contact between the home and school, so please don’t hesitate to email or call if you have any questions or concerns. Schoology is a great tool to follow what is going on in our class.
Semester 2:  The Human Body
MATERIALS
70-79               C
●Standard blue/black pens (other colors or gel pens will not be accepted for work turned in for grading)
This year we will be studying Biology. We begin with Life Science covering plants and animals. During the second semester we will focus on the human body including the various systems.
●#2 pencils
●A binder for this class
COURSE CONTENT
●Highlighter pens
90-100%          A
69 or below     NO CREDIT / course must be retaken
●Colored Pencils
●Index Cards (3” x 5”)
Each student is required to bring to class each day the following materials:
Welcome to Basic Social Studies and the 2015-2016 school year.  This year we are studying World History.
Unit 1:  The Age of Kings
Essential Skills (test, projects)            25%
Wayne King and Marcel Lewinski published by AGS, Inc (2001). In addition, we will also be using news articles to look at current events as they apply to our course of study.
Basic Social Studies Syllabus
Unit 3:  Industrial Revolution
The Road to Democracy
Unit 7:  Totalitarianism (Russian Revolution, Dictators in Italy and Germany)
Unit 5:  Nationalism and Imperialism
Unit 6:  World War I
Unit 2: Age of Reason and the Enlightenment
Unit 9: Cold War and Current Issues
Unit 8: World War II
This year we will be studying World History and following the theme of
Unit 4:  French Revolution
. We begin with the Age of Kings and continue to the present day. Our textbook for the class is
by
If you do not come to school, you cannot learn.  If you do not learn, you cannot pass this class.  If you do not pass this class, you will not graduate.  It is that simple.  Come to school, complete your work, and be respectful while you are here.  It is in your best interest.  Be on time and be ready to learn. If you are not here, you cannot earn daily points.
3.           Students will improve high school-level vocabulary knowledge.
2.           Students will read and analyze high school-level literature selections.
Classwork is assigned every day, if you do not complete it in class it becomes homework. If you do not turn in your work the day it is due or during the class period, you may turn it in the next day for half credit.  I will not accept work that is more than one day late.  If you miss a day of school, it is your responsibility to look on the posted classwork and homework calendar to find what you missed.  Homework following an absence must be made up within one week of the day you missed.  If a large project is due and you are absent, you must turn in the project the day you return.
jkaiser@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Grading:
Class and Homework:
Attendance and Behavior:
This course has been designed to give you the fundamental knowledge you will need to be successful in high school-level English classes, and to pass the California High School Exit Exam (CAHSEE).  We will work to improve your reading, writing fluency, and basic grammatical skills while also focusing on grade level curriculum.  During the course of the upcoming year, we will focus on mastering the California Content Standards for English Language Arts.  This means that you will be expected to read high school-level literature, and write high school-level essays.
4.           Students will improve reading fluency and comprehension with repeated readings.
All required texts will be provided in class, we will be reading short stories, novels and working out of the Basic English Composition book.
Basic Writing Syllabus
Instructor: Ms. Kaiser
Office Hours:  7:15 a.m. – 7:45 a.m. in R-3
Class Participation/Attendance                                           30%
Homework                                                                         10%
1.           Students will write 5 paragraph essays in MLA Format that adhere to CAHSEE and CA Common Core Standards
Basic English
and 8
First block on Blue days and last block on Silver days
Preps: 1
Basic English Syllabus
Notebook paper, folder, writing utensils, highlighter, planner
Rocklin High School 2015-16
Basic Literature Syllabus
Essential Skills (class assignments and projects)                 60%
Communication:
The best way to contact me is through email. Please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions regarding your student’s grades or school work.
Essential Concepts:
Supplies:
(best way to contact me)
Basic Literature
Class Participation/Attendance                                            30%
Essential Skills (class assignments and projects)                60%
Basic Writing
Usually demonstrate personal responsibility. Materials are almost always out right away.
Be on time
The student responsibilities include:
Bring materials
Behavior, On Task, Being Prepared
jkaiser@rockin.k12.ca.us
Welcome to the 2015/2016 school year. It will be a pleasure working with your student this year. It is important that we maintain consistent contact between the home and school, so please don’t hesitate to email or call if you have any questions or concerns. If you email your student’s other teachers with concerns, please cc me so we can all work together.
Earn 5 Bonus Points when a parent emails your Study Skills Teacher!
Almost always have daily planner.
sshier@rockin.k12.ca.us
Consistently be on task the entire period.
Consistently be respectful, non-disruptive and an asset to the learning center environment.
Routinely not demonstrate personal responsibility. Materials are rarely out and ready to go.
Consistently demonstrate personal responsibility. Materials are out right away.
Almost always write down assignments and other appropriate notations in daily planner.
Study skills grade is determined by how well the student follows the rubric on the back of this page.
In order to get a letter grade of “C” student will:
Usually write down assignments and other appropriate notations in daily planner.
Usually be polite, non-disruptive and an asset to the learning center environment.
Usually have daily planner.
Show respect
Almost always in with teacher. Almost always lets teacher know how he/she is doing and/or ask for help
Almost always be on task the entire period.
For the first 10-15 minutes of each study skills class, all students will complete a warm-up and/or silently read a book to help prepare them for the class. We will also work on study tools with instruction on: organization, time management, parts of a textbook, test taking skills, listening skills, note taking skills, outlining communication skills (asking for help when needed). During this time, we will also work on their IEP transition goals and teach some life skills to help students prepare for life after high school. During the last 30 minutes, student will work on assignments from other classes.
Try hard, stay on task
As we focus on transition and life skills, one of the areas we want students to develop in is completing their homework at home. We will start homework assignments in our Study Skills class to ensure students understand what is expected. However, students will then need to complete their homework at home. We would appreciate if families could help support student in developing these good work habits.
Be in class
Planner / Grade Check
In order to get a letter grade of “A” student will:
Usually check in with teacher. Usually lets teacher know how he/she is doing and/or ask for help.
Complete assignments
Almost always be polite, non-disruptive and an asset to the learning center environment.
Routinely not have planner
Classwork / Warm Up
RHS Study Skills Rubric
Students who chose to fail will
Please support your student by encouraging him/her to have a book to read in class. We will have silent reading every day, and they can also read their book in other classes once they have completed their work.
Almost always demonstrate personal responsibility. Materials are almost always out right away.
Consistently have daily planner.
Mr. Shier
Communicate problems or difficulties right away
Usually be on task the entire period.
In order to get a letter grade of “B” student will:
Routinely not write down assignments and other appropriate notations in planner.
Consistently check in with teacher. Let teacher know how he/she is doing. ask for help frequently.
Ms. Kaiser
Consistently write down assignments and other appropriate notations in daily planner.
to you as soon as I can. We will also send home a daily communication book for ongoing discussions.
progress. Please feel free to contact me about any concerns you may have.
You may send me an e-mail at dbressler@rocklin.k12.ca.us or leave me a voicemail and I will get back
We are in room V-51. We are interested in working closely with you and your student to maximize growth and learning. Communication between school and home is vital for your student's
2024 Schedule
Varsity Softball lined up with RGFPSL 8U team
RHS Varsity Softball and Baseball winning the SJS Community Service Award
photo by: TheWinningShot
Varsity Softball Field
Jim Albin - Co Head Varsity Coach
Darla Sommerville - JV Head Coach
Darla enters her 10th year coaching with Rocklin Thunder softball and has a 48-7-3 record in SFL games during her time as the Rocklin JV Head Coach. She has played softball for many years with over 13 years of playing competitive fast pitch softball in the Bay Area. She has also continued playing competitive and rec slowpitch softball for over 30 years in the Bay Area and Sacramento Area. The competitive slowpitch travel team she plays on has won a National Championship and several World Championships. She has coached fastpitch softball at the high school and rec level for many years. She has also coached slowpitch softball and baseball. She is passionate about softball as a coach and as a player.
Email: Sluciano4@yahoo.com
Darla holds an MBA from Santa Clara University, a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from San Jose State University, and completed the Executive Development Program at Northwestern University.
Email: coachjimmy22@gmail.com
Scott Luciano - co head varsity coach
I am available before school most days and after school by appointment.
Need Extra Help?
Welcome to RHS Statistics Website.
All course content and information is on Schoology. Please click the link above for my schoology site.
Parent Information for Back to School Night
You may come in during this time, but you must ask first!
I have 1 prep period: Period 8
Blue or black pens, pencils, a ruler. No assignments, tests, or quizzes will be accepted if written in any other color ink then blue or black. (Pencil is best.)
Extra help is available before school any day after 7:10, after school until 3:00 pm, and other times by appointment.  Additional time may be scheduled during the year as determined by need.
Parent/ Teacher Communication can be made through email or telephone conversation.  Email is the preferred method and response time is quicker than through a voicemail message.  Parents will be informed of serious discipline or academic problems.
Loose-leaf notebook and graph paper: Loose-leaf is required for collected assignments. Assignments can be typed.
Graphing Calculator: You will need the TI 83 Graphing calculator (or the TI 83 Plus or TI 84) for this class.  Please acquire by September 16.
Significance Tests (z, t)
STATISTICS:
Random Variables
Confidence Intervals
Prep: Period 8
STATISTICS
email: emitchell@rocklin.k12.ca.us
this full year course is designed to introduce the students to statistics and prepare them to pass a required statistics class at the college level. The topics for Statistics are divided into four major themes: exploratory analysis, planning a study, probability, and statistical inference.  We will be using Stats: Modeling the World (Bock, Velleman, DeVeaux) for our text as well as many other resources.  The
Assignments(15%)
Designing Experiments
SUPPLIES:
WEBSITES:
Least-Squares Regression
EXTRA HELP:
Contingency Tables
Sampling Distributions
Students and parents can check the course calendar, assignments and handouts using the teacher links from the RHS website or the following:
Data Displays
www.edline.net or schoology.rocklinusd.org.
GRADING SYSTEM:
Standard Normal Calculations
Essential Skills (35%)
2013-2014
Measures of Center and Spread
Binomial and Geometric Distributions
that will be covered in this course are:
essential skills
for extra help
Projects and Quizzes(15%)
All students will receive a grade or an NC (no credit) at the end of each semester.  In addition to earning a minimum percentage of overall work (70%), students need to show mastery on all essential concepts (State Standards). Failure to show mastery on all concepts will result in a final grade of NC. Students will have multiple opportunities to achieve mastery throughout each semester.
Assignments (15%)
Graphing Calculator: You will need the TI 83 Plus Graphing calculator (or the TI 84) for this class.  Please acquire by September 8.  A TI-Inspire can be used, but order the Ti 84 faceplate.  If you have a different calculator than listed above, you will need to be able to consult the manual for many exercises.
Parent/ Teacher Communication
Students and parents can check the course calendar, assignments and handouts using the teacher links from the RHS website or the following: www.edline.net or at the schoology class site at http://schoology.rocklinusd.org/
can be made through email or telephone conversation.  Email is the preferred method and response time is quicker than through a voicemail message.  Parents will be informed of serious discipline or academic problems.  My email is: emitchell@rocklin.k12.ca.us

This full year course is designed to introduce the students to statistics and prepare them to pass a required statistics class at the college level. The topics for Statistics are divided into four major themes: exploratory analysis, planning a study, probability, and statistical inference.  We will be using Stats: Modeling the World (Bock, Velleman, DeVeaux) for our text as well as many other resources.  The essential skills that will be covered in this course are:
All students will receive a grade or an NC (no credit) at the end of each semester.  The easiest way to fail this class is to avoid the homework.  It is expected that homework be completed by the following class period.  In addition to earning a minimum percentage of overall work (70%), students need to show mastery on all essential concepts (State Standards). Failure to show mastery on all concepts will result in a final grade of NC. Students will have multiple opportunities to achieve mastery throughout each semester.
Probability (2 parts)
Sophie Keenan
Volunteer Sign Up
Head Coach
Results & Times
Dive Coach
Meet Schedule
Assistant Coaches
Archived Photo Galleries
Jonah Grove
Swimming & Diving
Coming Soon...
Plaques are hung on the pool deck and are $100 to renew each year
If you have any questions about the plaque, please reach out to Cori Toumajian toumajians@yahoo.com
You may keep the plaque when your swimmer graduate
⚜️Swim Plaque
Support our program by purchasing a plaque with your family name on it for $150
Woodcreek Invitational - March 10/11th, 2023
CIF State Qualifying Times
Grizzly Invitational - March 3/4th, 2023
SFL Qualifying Times
Summer Camp 2024 -June 10th-June 21th - CLICK HERE
Akshayan looks to build on 2nd half of Jr. Campaign in 24'
Rishabh Continuing to Improve is all Court Game
BOYS TENNIS
Welcome Class of 2028!  Register for 2024-2025 Tennis
Quarter-Final Win over Whitney 4-5
Led the Thunder in 2023, Ansh Looking for a Great Senior Season
2024 Summer Camp
2023 Boys Tennis
2024 Summer Program
Past Results
Semi-Final 4-5 Loss in a great match with Granite Bay
GirlsTennis
Round 1 Victory over Atwater 9-0
NorCal Team Tournament
Tennis Links
Summer Program
Are there JV matches – Most programs have 16-18 girls/boys.  It is very hard to schedule JV matches but we do.  With such a large team with lots of good players we play two matches each day (1/2 team home and ½ team on the road) while also scheduling 6-8 JV matches.
Welcome Letter
What should you do ?
916-549-9771
Our team videos from the last 8 years are available.
Boys start February 3rd and go through May 10.
With 80 members in our program, minus our amazing departing seniors, our 2024/2025 teams look to welcome our new students and continue the run of success.
Is tennis a cut sport? Yes  We typically have 30-40 girls/boys on the tennis team and work hard to not cut.  I try hard to keep all freshmen to get them experiencing tennis.  If I get 10 freshmen out, great shouldn’t have to cut.  If I get 30, the math doesn’t work with 3 coaches and 8 courts.
Explore the activities we do! (Archery, Surfing, Rafting, etc.)
http://rhs.rocklinusd.org/subsites/Tennis---Girls/
at:
We invite you to come out for the team as we encourage all athletes to participate at Rocklin High School.  We are coming off a great run with the Boys and Girls Teams winning section titles over the last 4 seasons.
ACADEMICS: The tennis team and our school promotes an academic program that works with sports to better your experience.  Our school schedule is ideal for sports as well as the 23+ AP programs.  Our varsity tennis team each year is the most academically successful sports program on campus measured by academic GPA.  Our Varsity team last year took over 50 AP courses.  We strive to be responsible student athletes.
Tennis Camp – June 10-21
Plan for the summer (Separate Email )
Do you have to have prior experience?  No, sports transfer.  Basketball, softball/baseball and volleyball players make great tennis players.  I never played tennis growing up.  My first tennis was my freshman year, but I played basketball, baseball, football and shot archery.  Several of our players never played tennis before high school.
Mr. Dale Eckenburg
COMPETITION: We work to create a team that competes with the best of the best in this area.  Last year our girls played against the top 10 teams in the area, eventually ending up ranked #2/130 and a Division I Section Runner-Up.  Our Boys finished 2023 6th in the section after a semifinal run in the DII playoffs.
It's pretty simple, how much time do you put in from now until August (girls) / February (boys).  I did have to let 8 girls / 3 boys go.  I still have not gotten word on practice restrictions for next year due to the late start.
PRIOR EXPERIENCE
Results Page - Get an Idea of matches!
Summer program – June 10th – August 2nd
FAQ
SUMMER “STUFF”
Summer Camp and High School Camp in follow up email.
Look at the Schedule (Start date August 5- Girls)(Feb. 3, 2025- Boys
TEAM: I try everyday to make sure we create a team environment and continue to work on creating team experiences that develop friendships and a bond that each tennis player can rely on.  We’ve had team activities ranging from white water rafting, waterskiing, paintballing, ocean kayaking, camping, hiking in Yosemite, horseback riding, surfing and yes tennis!!
Lastly, please visit the girl’s/boy’s tennis website and look around.  THIS year’s schedule, results, photo galleries, videos, etc.
Summer Program Document
Welcome to the 2024-2025 Tennis Team.
Girls Tennis website
The schedule is online.  Please review the matches.
Johnson Ranch or Sierra View – Local tennis clubs who offer quality tennis instruction during the summer.  Typically it costs $400-$500.
Boys Tennis website
Video’s
Have a great rest of the year and we look forward to working with you over the next four years.  If you have any questions of our program please feel free to email me at
Girls start August 5th and go through Nov. 20 +/-.
Over the last 25 years I’ve tried to create a program that strives to achieve 3 principles.
Thanks again for your interest in girls tennis and if you have any questions please respond!
(2025 Graduates - Stanford, Penn, UCLA, UC Berkeley, Cal Poly, Northwestern, UC Davis)
or call at 916-549-9771.
http://rhs.rocklinusd.org/subsites/Tennis---Boys/
Go Thunder,
SCHEDULE
Tennis is only part of the fun.  Our goal is to create a family through experiences, competition, and team relationships.
CUT SPORT
But, you have to get started with the learning process now/summer.
TENNIS PRINCIPLES
Visit the
Head Coach - Dale Eckenburg
Assistant Coach - Cheryl Winter
I joined the coaching staff for the boy's team in 2016 when my son was a freshman.  I knew from that moment on this was a program that was going to be something special.  I joined the girls team the following year and have enjoyed being a part of both the girls and boys coaching staff ever since.  I love teaching the kids the game of tennis while instilling the values of hard work and being a team player.  In my free time, I love spending time with my family and enjoying the outdoors.  You can also find me on the courts playing in adult leagues, tournaments and as a USTA Roving Official.  I'm excited to be part of such an outstanding tennis program and working with such great kids.
After 20 years of guiding the RHS Tennis program; I still can't believe I get the chance to work with a wonderful group of young people. We have worked hard to develop a program that incorporates academics, tennis, fun and a sense of family.
After raising four kids, who are now out of the house, I knew I wanted to get back into helping young students learn and grow their tennis skills.  I knew the impact my tennis coaches had on me as a teen and I am excited to be doing the same.  This is my 5th year coaching high school tennis at Rocklin High School.  I play tennis 3-5 days a week socially and on different competitive USTA teams.  When I'm not on the court, you'll find me visiting my kids, volunteering locally and hiking or skiing in the mountains!  I am ready to help the students find and develop their tennis skills.
Assistant Coach - Kelly Follett
(916) 580-4396
Our student athletes have developed a team that strives to include every athlete in numerous activities that support the whole tennis player.  As a player at Nevada Union High School I learned from Mr. Houlihan the value of the team and the importance of creating opportunities for the players who play the USTA circuit to the recreational player who wants local opportunities to learn their craft.
CRW1@Winter Associates.net
Great company from San Luis Obispo.  They have the most selection of new products
UNIVERSAL TENNIS RATING
Tennis is moving forward with a new rating system.  Every girl on the team will get a rating.  All the tennis scores will be entered.  Please search for your name before creating a log in.  This allows your accounts to be merged.
TENNIS WAREHOUSE
Team Activity Schedule
Boys Tennis
Work Hard Play Hard
Nica Sobrepena with Big wins to Open 23
* Nica Sobrepena - 1st Team All SFL Singles
Come Together, Let's get it Done!
2022 D1 Section Title - Programs 5th Title (2015, 2017, 2018, 2021, 2022)
Lia Starting her Season at Southern Virginia University
2023 - 2024 Season Recap
Videos
Anika Madan & Jessica Wagner - SFL Doubles Champions
Nica Sobrepena - SFL Singles Champion
Girls Tennis
*Anika Madan / Jessica Wagner / Maya Camber - 1st Team All SFL Doubles
Erin Johnson Playing at Sierra College
2022 Championship Video
D1 CIF SJS Runner-Ups
Miya Walker Up to #2 to Finish her Senior Year
*Miya Walker / Sophie Burns / Aarya Sharma Vats - 2nd Team SFL
43 Members Strong
Coach Eckenburg and the Student Athletes of Rocklin High Thank you for your support!!
We are
BACK!
to announce that our 2024 Summer Camps are
We will have limited space, but we are back!!!
RHS ONLINE REGISTRATION AND PAYMENT
2024 RHS TENNIS FLYER
HAPPY
After 20+ years of guiding the RHS Tennis program; I still can't believe I get the chance to work with a wonderful group of young people. We have worked hard to develop a program that incorporates academics, tennis, fun and a sense of family.
After raising four kids, who are now out of the house, I knew I wanted to get back into helping young students learn and grow their tennis skills. I knew the impact my tennis coaches had on me as a teen and I am excited to be doing the same. This is my 4th year coaching at Rocklin High School coaching high school tennis. I play tennis 3-5 days a week socially and on different competitive USTA teams..When I’m not on the court, you’ll find me visiting my kids, volunteering locally and hiking or skiing in the mountains! I am ready to help the students find and develop their tennis skills.
T-SHIRTS
Due to the COVID 19 Pandemic we will not be hosting the Tournament this year.  Thank you for your understanding.
Thanks,
DI SECTION CHAMPION & SFL CHAMPION
2021
Jessey Clarke, Isabel Lopez, Cortnei Chance, Meena Sandhu
2018
94-98
Emmalie Hopping, Karin Adriani, Julia Anderson, Payton Riker, Kaylee Oropallo, Mackenzie Stark, Brooke Curiel, Bailey Curiel
Amber Beebe, Becca Kinsey, Dana Greenwood, Ariana Wong
DI SECTION CHAMPIONS
Olivia Kaempf, Taylor Hopkins, Denice Li
7-4
Jamie Walker, Chevonne Rampas, Nina Suzuki
17-3 8-2 SFL
25-4 9-1 SFL
Joanna Graves, Katie Schafer, Tiffany Gee
12-5-1 7-3 SFL COVID
17-5 13-1 SFL
Julie Ruocco, Marissa Graves, Morgan Richie, Sam Moller
Holly Petersen, Fabia Oliveira
DII SECTION CHAMPIONS
3rd in SFL
2019
14-8 10-2 SFL
22-4 8-2 SFL
10-7 8-4 SFL
23-5 10-2 SFL
8-6 SFL
14-5 8-4 SFL
2020 -2021
18-5 7-3 SFL
Roxana Shahi, Maiah White
14-6 8-4 SFL
SENIORS
Holly Chovan, Christine Posey
DI SECTION Runner-Ups
Dina Randazzo, Terha Trost, Nicole Favila
Jennifer Chatelain, Christina Crabtree, Megan Ratcliff, Keri Gerhart
Ashlee Riedinger, Alexa Singleton, Sowmya Gudapati, Kailana Lu, Emma Owens
Molly Garcia-Kaer, Farrell Ahlf, Jannah Fusenig, Liz Goldner, Sangeetha Ramamurthy, Alyssa Mattchen, Val Todd
2022 -2023
Nica Sobrepena, Miya Walker, Sophie Burns, Jessica Walker, Anika Madan, Maya Camber, Morgan Tri, Samina Zanzi, Kristina Lunsford
16-7 6-4 SFL
and created a great foundation
Ariella Sneh,  Kelli Terzich, Jessica Ralson
Erin Johnson, Lia Savage, Audrey Watkins, Kennedy Weir, Ashlyn Schulz
15-8 8-4 SFL
11-6
Heather Davidson, Rachel Leung, Nathalie Dumm, Amanda Bruns
Christina Ruocco, Kira Callis, Kelsey Branderhorst, Molly Holden, Alysia Winford, Lindsay Blincow, Juliana Kang, Maya Sukkari, Ashley McDougal
Jessica Graves, Kirsten O'Nell, Rachel Bowers, Ashley Dyok
19-7 8-2 SFL
DI SECTION CHAMPIONS & SFL CHAMPIONS
SFL CHAMPIONS
0-12
Stefanie Studen, Shannon Peiffer
Cara O'Hagan, Meggie O'Hagan, Sara Randazzo, Alex McClure, Danelle Olson
Anna Bothe, Lexi Yates, Azin Mirzaagha, Sam Pepito
Naveena Attota, Alyssa Calzada, Sammie Cho, Alyssa Long, Laura Maranta, Elena Morrill, Talia Panadero, Sehyeon Park, Kiara Rosaluna, Richa Sharma, Claire Stanley, Kaitlin Stutts, Sohree Victor, Aliena Pitts, Alissza Ali
22-5 11-1 SFL
7-10 6-8 SFL
15-5 8-4 SFL
16-4 10-4 SFL
4-9
22-9 8-4 SFL
17-3 12-2 SFL
DI CIF SJS Semi-Finalist
Mrs. Hartke founded the program
15-9 7-5 SFL
12-7 9-5 SFL
14-9 6-4 SFL
Canela Luna, Bailey Greenwell, Medha Dandamudi, Sam Illustrisimo, Emily Dezzani, Emelyn Dizon, Yuki Xia, Anabelle Tombo, Janae Schmidt, Hannah Dungan, Shreya Redlam, Hana Baldwin, Lena Sakkab, Emilee Fabela, Rebecca Jensen, Johanna Stapp
Shelby Kubota, Jessica Miller, Rachel Kim, Christina Dyok, Taylor McDougall, Amber Calzada
Anna Johnson, Ally Maranta, Hannah Horenstein, Katie Warren, Jasmin Abadi, Clare Zianno
2017
2014 SFL Champions
2021 SFL & SECTION CHAMPIONS
2022 Section Champions
2012 Girls Tennis
2018 SFL and DI Section Champions
2015 SFL and Section Champions
2013-14  Rocklin High School Tennis Team
2019 DI Semi-Finalist
2017 Section Champions
Technical Theatre
ThunderCat
Theatre Arts
Theatre 4
Theatre 2/3
Theatre 1
Ms. Emily Masnica
Under Construction Please Come Back
ctoepke@rocklinusd.org
Technical Theatre Syllabus
Theatre 1 Syllabus
Theatre I Syllabus
Theatre 2/3 Syllabus
Theatre 4 Syllabus
2018 ThunderCat Performing Arts Camp Coming Soon!
2016 ThunderCat Registration
Distance Crew
JV/Varsity Rosters
Volunteer Links
2023 Looking Bright for the Thunder
Nike and Running Warehouse
Summer/Off Season
Hurdling over the Competition
Nathan Kent Having a Successful Freshman Year at the Naval Academy
CLICK HERE FOR MORE ROCKLIN TRACK AND FIELD INFORMATION AT ATHLETIC.NET
Athlete Expectations
Acknowledgement of Team Expectations
Rocklin Track & Field Athlete Expectations 2018
Track and Field Families will use this survey to acknowledge they have read, understand and will comply with all aspects of the Team Expectations.
Rocklin Track & Field Athlete Expectations You are a member of a team and you are expected to you represent yourself in a positive manner with good sportsmanship AT ALL TIMES. Your coaches and teammates are here to support you. Teams Rules: 1. Be at practice on time in proper workout...
Track & Field Athlete Expectations
Matt Eckman- Co Head Coach -Shot Put & Discus - meckman@rocklinusd.org
Shon RIbera-Pole Vault
Kim Bayer- Hurdles
Justin Ferraro-Assistant Distance
We are very proud to present our coaching staff:
Roosevelt Kent - Co Head Coach - Sprinters -
Jim Hnedrix- Assistant Throws
rktrainer@yahoo.com
Lyndsey Settle-Assistant Sprints
Juan Del Toro-Assistant Throws
Paul Morrison-Jumps
Dan Pereira-Distance
JV Boys Roster
Varsity Girls Roster
JV Girls Roster
Varsity Boys Roster
To receive the 15% Rocklin High School Discount, please enter the code ‘RHSTHUNDER' in the “Redeem Coupon Code” box on the shopping cart page. Please note: you must have at least one item in your cart for the code to apply.
Work with a knowledgeable Eastbay Team Sales rep to get your Team Store up and running for free. Your dedicated rep will strive to provide you with solutions for any budget and ensure your store is a hassle-free experience.
Team Code: OFTSRNTT
Team Store | Eastbay Team Sales
We also encourage our athletes to visit Fleet Feet Sports in Roseville for expert advice on training and competition shoes.
Running Warehouse
http://runningwarehouse.com
THANK YOU track and field families for volunteering your time to make an awesome experience for our kids. We could not do it without you.
Thunder Invitational Parent Volunteer Link
Track and Field Home Meet Parent Volunteers
Rocklin Home Meet Parent  Volunteer Link
Thunder Invitational Parent Volunteer
Thank you so much for volunteering your time and energy to the athletes, we truly cannot make our season happen without your support. Please choose 2 or 3 track meet dates and indicate what event you would like to assist.
- Tape
Mrs. Gillette
Mr. Benzel
Mrs. Harter
Students in grade eleven study the major turning points in American history in the twentieth century. Following a review of the nation's beginnings and the impact of the Enlightenment on U.S. democratic ideals, students build upon the tenth grade study of global industrialization to understand the emergence and impact of new technology and a corporate economy, including the social and cultural effects. They trace the change in the ethnic composition of American society; the movement toward equal rights for racial minorities and women; and the role of the United States as a major world power. An emphasis is placed on the expanding role of the federal government and federal courts as well as the continuing tension between the individual and the state. Students consider the major social problems of our time and trace their causes in historical events. They learn that the United States has served as a model for other nations and that the rights and freedoms we enjoy are not accidents, but the results of a defined set of political principles that are not always basic to citizens of other countries. Students understand that our rights under the U.S. Constitution are a precious inheritance that depends on an educated citizenry for their preservation and protection.
Wecome to US History!
- A 3-subject spiral bound notebook, 8.5 x 11, College ruled
*Please see each teacher's Shoology page for announcements, class materials and calendars
Teachers:
Tests/projects/essays which are not completed on time or earn less than 50% will receive a grade of 60% upon attainment of mastery.
Non-essential skills and concepts will be graded in the following manner:
Social Studies Grade Comment Key
Set of colored pencils
Pencil with an eraser
Recommended
Ms. Kenyon
Students absent on the day of a test will be expected to make up that test upon their return.
Highlighters (preferably 2 different colors)
69 or below
Homework/Grading Policy: In order to receive a passing grade, every student must earn at least a 70% in the class AND pass all the essential skills and concepts.  Students grades will be determined as follows: Tests, projects and essential skills – 70%
Interactive Notebook
Textbook: The American Vision
Mr. Berry
Essential skills and concepts will be graded in the following manner:
Course Outcomes and Essential Skills: During the first semester we will cover the following units of study:  Beginnings of America to Reconstruction, Industrialization, Progressive Era, US as a World Power, From War to Peace (1920’s), Depression and New Deal
Scissors
Classroom Expectations:
Tests/projects/essays completed on time and earning greater than 50% will receive a grade of 70% upon attainment of mastery.
gbenzel@rocklin.k12.ca.us      mberry@rocklin.k12.ca.us
NO CREDIT / course must be retaken
Grading Policy for Essential Skills (Tests/Projects/Essays)
All projects/essays must be turned in on the due date regardless of absence.
skenyon@rocklin.k12.ca.us
Materials: All assignments (both in class and homework) will be completed in the Interactive Student Notebook (ISN).  NOTEBOOKS NEED TO BE BROUGHT TO CLASS EACH DAY. Each student will need the following materials to complete their notebook:
Interactive Student Notebook (ISN) – 30% (see ISN section below for further information)
A roll of tape
We accept late work on non-essential assignments for 50 percent credit, until the end of the current unit of study.  Late work may be accepted beyond the end of the unit, at teacher discretion.
Course Description: US History is a required course for graduation.  Studies in this course will provide students with a broad look at the history of the United States from the Foundations to the start of the 21st century.  Understanding  US history and how it applies to today’s society will provide students with the skills and knowledge to become actively involved in their own history.  To “experience” US history and the situations/choices made in our nations past, we will use primary source materials, simulations, projects, independent study/analysis, cooperative group activities, and other strategies to look at our history. As a contributing member of society and a member of our history here in the 20th century, it will be important that you are an informed citizen of the world.
Spiral bound notebook (150pgs minimum, college ruled, 11 x 8 ½, white paper, three hole punched)
●
Rocklin High School US History Syllabus
Grading Policy for Interactive Student Notebook (Homework/Classwork/Performance)
Left Side – student input/application
Point of View
The ISN is divided into units of study based on our Geography curriculum.  Each section will have a cover page and then all the activities and assignments for that unit.  In the back of the notebook, you will create a glossary of terms for the year.
Essays
Drawing/Clip Art
How will the notebook be organized?
Right side – teacher input
Personal Responses
Explore connections to what has been learned
The interactive notebooks encourage students to record information in an organized fashion.  We divide the notebooks into two different sides: left side activities and right side activities.  The right side of the notebook is the “input” side or the teacher side.  It contains the key information for the unit such as class notes, t-charts, and graphs.  Typically, all “testable” information will be found here.  The left side of the notebook is the “output” side or the student side, primarily used for processing new ideas.  Students work out an understanding of the material by using illustrations, diagrams, or flow charts.  Students explore their opinions and clarify values on issues, wonder about “what if” hypothetical situations and ask questions about new ideas. These activities will either PREVIEW or PROCESS new information.
What is the purpose of the notebook?
Processed Article
Interactive Student Notebook
Examples of left side work include (examples of each on course website) :
Notebooks will be checked periodically and these checks will not be announced.  All class notes and assignments should be included, even for the days you were absent.  This includes each being recorded in the table of contents.  Each right side assignment must be complete, have a heading, and the date assigned or given written on it.  Mostly it is checked on being complete but the left sides must be varied and not be a simple restatement or a picture with no processing of content from the right side.
Personal responses
Word Gram
Apply skills learned (diagrams, analogies, political cartoons)
How will my notebook be graded?
Title and unit pages
Metaphors
If you are absent, it is your responsibility to obtain notebook assignments from either a classmate or the teacher.
Essay
Mind Notes
Political Cartoon
The purpose of the ISN it to enables you to be creative, independent thinker and writer.  Interactive notebooks will be used for class notes, as well as for other activities where you will be asked to express your own ideas and process information presented by this class.  As you work with the notebook, it becomes a portfolio for your work thoughts and beliefs.  This notebook is different from traditional notebooks due to the fact that it provides activities of a variety of learning styles, mixture of the Multiple Intelligences, and tasks all geared to how our brains learn best.  This notebook will be a valuable resource in preparing for tests.  The notebook is 30% of your entire grade.
Poem
Connect to Today
Venn Diagram
Concept Web
How do I use the notebook?
Class, reading, and discussion notes
Reorganize new information in creative formats
Chart/Graph
Illustrated Proverbs
Express opinions and feelings
Informative handouts
Cause/Effect
Flow Charts
Timeline
What happens if I am absent?
Unit homework calendars
World History Banner
Turnitin.com
You will need:
Mrs. April Kenitzer
Mr. Tim Kenney
For all World History resources, class activities and announcements please log into your  Schoology account.
Mrs. Laura Douglas
- 3 Subject spiral bound notebook (8.5 x 11, college ruled)
Students study major turning points that shaped the modern world, from the late eighteenth century through the present, including the cause and course of the two world wars. They trace the rise of democratic ideas and develop an understanding of the historical roots of current world issues, especially as they pertain to international relations. They extrapolate from the American experience that democratic ideals are often achieved at a high price, remain vulnerable and are not practiced everywhere in the world. Students develop an understanding of current world issues and relate them to their historical, geographic, political, economic, and cultural contexts. Students consider multiple accounts of events in order to understand international relations from a variety of perspectives.
Welcome to RHS World History
The following calendar is for reference only, please visit each teacher's specific calendar located on their Schoology page.
Mrs. Chelsea Jones
The interactive notebooks encourage students to record information in an organized fashion.  We divide the notebooks into two different sides: left side activities and right side activities.  The right side of the notebook is the “input” side or the teacher side.  It contains the key information for the unit such as class notes, t-charts, and graphs.  Typically, all “testable” information will be found here.  The left side of the notebook is the “output” side or the student side, primarily used for processing new information.  Students work out an understanding of the material by using illustrations, diagrams, or flow charts.  Students explore their opinions and clarify values on issues, wonder about “what if” hypothetical situations and ask questions about new ideas. These activities will either PREVIEW or PROCESS new information.
The ISN is divided into units of study based on our World History curriculum.  Each section will have a cover page and then all the activities and assignments for that unit.  In the back of the notebook, you will create a glossary of terms for the year.
Examples of left side work include (examples of each on course Schoology page) :
Every World History student will need a 3 subject spiral bound notebook, 8.5 x 11, college ruled to be used only for their World History class. (or two 1-subject notebooks, one for each semester)
The ISN enables students to be creative, independent thinkers and writers.  Interactive notebooks will be used for class notes, as well as for other activities where students will be asked to express their own ideas and process information presented in this class.  As you work with the notebook, it becomes a portfolio for your work thoughts and beliefs.  This notebook is different from traditional notebooks due to the fact that it provides activities for a variety of learning styles catering to Multiple Intelligences, and tasks all geared to how our brains learn best.  This notebook will be a valuable resource in preparing for tests.  The notebook is 30% of your entire grade.
Left Side – student output/application
Essential skills    (test and projects)                70%
Turn-it-in.com:
69 or below    NO CREDIT / course must be retaken
•    Tests/projects/essays which are not completed on time or earn less than 50% will receive a grade of 60% upon attainment of mastery.
2.    2 rolls of tape
Unit 4        Totalitarianism & Russian Revolution
Analyze the sources and consequences of conflict between people, cultures and the     environment
COURSE DESCRIPTION:
Interactive Notebook/Other                30%
Approximate breakdown of coursework:
In order to pass this class each student must show a mastery level of knowledge in each and every unit.  The essential skills and concepts will focus on the standards that have been established by the California State World History framework.  Students will be asked to demonstrate their knowledge of the material in a variety of ways:  tests; essay exams; quizzes individual and group projects; oral and group presentations.
90-100%    A
3.    Highlighters (preferably 2 different colors)
RHS SOCIAL STUDIES DEPARTMENT HOMEWORK / GRADING POLICY
CLASSROOM EXPECTATIONS
•    Absent can be made up                                                          Ab
COURSE OUTCOMES AND ESSENTIAL SKILLS
6.    Scissors
•    Not Taken/Not Turned In or No Name                                 Mi  (Missing)
The purpose of the ISN it to enables you to be creative, independent thinker and writer.  Interactive notebooks will be used for class notes, as well as for other  activities where you will be asked to express your own ideas and process information presented by this class.  As you work with the notebook, it becomes a portfolio for your work thoughts and beliefs.  This notebook is different from traditional notebooks due to the fact that it provides activities of a variety of learning styles, mixture of the Multiple Intelligences, and tasks all geared to how our brains learn best.  This notebook will be a valuable resource in preparing for tests.  The notebook is 30% of your entire grade.
2nd Semester
Unit 2          Industrial Revolution & Imperialism
•    We accept late work within the Interactive Notebook for 50 percent credit until the end of the current unit of study.  Late work may be accepted beyond the end of the unit at teacher discretion.
•    Excused                                                                                  Ex
Grading Policy for Interactive Notebook (see description below)
4.    Pencil with an eraser
TEXTBOOK:    World History Connections to Today, Prentice Hall 2001
Interactive Notebook will be graded in the following manner:
•    All projects/essays must be turned in on the due date regardless of absence.
•    Non Essential Skill cannot be made up.                                0
In an effort to avoid plagiarism, as well as to avoid compromising your education, RHS has purchased a site license with turnitin.com.  Student work must be submitted and stored on this site, which will be cross-referenced with other student work, as well as any work already existing on the Internet.
80-89    B
Make connections between literature, music, social, political and economic events in history
In this course, students will explore the major issues and turning points that have shaped the modern world.  The course will focus on the period from the rise of democratic ideas in the late 18th century to the present day.  Students will study the social, political, geographic, and economic factors that have transformed governments, societies, and cultures throughout the world.  Students will study recent history, focusing on the development and expansion of the western world, and the growing interdependence of people and cultures throughout the world.  This course follows the California State Standards for World History.
Apply research skills and investigative thinking to solve a problem
Unit 1        Ancient Civilizations & the Rise of Democratic Thought
1st Semester
70-79    C
•    Essential Skill not passing but must be made-up.                NM
Unit 6         The Cold War
Unit 7        The Holocaust
1.    Spiral bound notebook (150pgs minimum, college ruled, 11 x 8 ½, white paper, three hole punched)
Learn to recognize and understand complex relations of cause and effect, including the relationship between ideology and behavior
Trace the impact of historical events on contemporary society
•    Students absent on the day of a test will be expected to make up that test upon their return.
It is the teacher’s role to establish and maintain a suitable learning environment.  In order to do so, the behavioral expectations as outlined by the Rocklin High School handbook will be enforced.
Any student who does not receive a passing grade on any of the course essential skills and concepts must make up the skill or concept or they will receive a “No Credit” for the course and subsequently must retake the course.
•    Tests/projects/essays completed on time and earning greater than 50% will receive a grade of 70% upon attainment of mastery.
Clarify problems, evaluate information, draw conclusions and evaluate consequences of solutions
Unit 3        World War I
Unit 5        World War II
5.    Set of colored pencils
Unit 8        Nationalism in the Contemporary World & Current Issues
Develop social and political participation skills
will be used for submission of certain Essential Skill projects and assignments in World History.
Students will be given the class code and password by their respective teacher for each assignment.
Thunder Wrestling
Google Calendar - All Events
Girls Roster
Off Season Conditioning
Wrestling Links
Nic Johnson
Michael Mathers
Hunter Gonzalez
Tony Yuke
Tom Gonzalez
Alex Fliaha
tyuke@rocklinusd.org
Tony Fernandez
SAWA Wrestling
Wrestling Gear
Sacramento Area Wrestling Association
Wrestling1
USA Wresling
Worldwide Sport Supply
The California Wrestler
Great website for young wrestlers
@RocklinHSyearbk on Twitter
Publication Policies
Rocklin High Yearbook on Facebook
Image of Yearbook room
Image of Yearbook Room
Syllabus Publications I-IV
Sales records as of 3.18.19
Rocklin High Yearbook
Program history
Senior Ad Information
Yearbook links
Image of shelf
Follow us
@Rocklinyearbook on Instagram
At the right you will find a series of links for additional information. If you have further questions you can reach us at jrubinstein@rocklinusd.org.
The Rocklin High yearbook program is a student run production which aims to create an excellent, all-inclusive book for students, by students and about students. The program has a rich history of national recognition and high sales rates while delivery the book on time, and with a student focus.
Rocklin High yearbook
Buy Yearbook online
by CSPA.
in 2008 for earning an All American rating for 10 consecutive years. Rocklin has also been honored by NSPA as both a
NSPA Hall of Fame
Yearbook Design Banner
Crown finalist
and Pacemaker finalist as well as a
The Rocklin High yearbook has a history of success in terms of sales, meeting deadlines, and being honored with national awards. Check here to see the history of national awards, including being named a member of the
History of success
Pacemaker
Service
Full policy document
Banner of Yearbook room
Mission Statement for Production Classes
Integrity
Multi Media Storytelling: “The Show”
Further, the core values of the department are:
Publications I-IV: The Tonitrus Yearbook
Collaboration
Journalism 2-4: The Flash Newsmagazine and Flash updates online
Adviser Protection Act
RUSD Board Policies
Broadcast 2-3: Thundervision for Cable
California Ed Code
Excellence
As of September, 2013, these productions included:
Literary Magazine: Out of the Blue
It is the mission of this department that in all production courses students will create in a variety of media, communications for students, about students, and by students. These will be produced to a standard at or above state standards for curriculum with a target of professional quality work.
published online. A new option will be coming soon allowing parents to pay for their ad and create it all on-line.  Check back for more information.  If you have questions, please email us at RocklinHSmedia@Rocklinusd.org.
Senior ads are an integral part of the Rocklin High yearbook program. They are intended to allow parents, family and friends send a public display of affection to graduates and are subject to the
policies
Banner of pages of yearbook
rhs.rocklinusd.org_A-Z.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_A-Z_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Career-Technical-Education_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Adrienne-Tacla_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Angela-Parker_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_April-Kenitzer_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Bill-Kimmel_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Brent-Carlson_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Chris-Knorzer_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Cinny-Toepke_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Colleen-Crowe_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Craig-Waechtler_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Dale-Eckenburg_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Dan-Pereira_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Dave-Muscarella_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Debi-DeVinna_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Diane-Cameron_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Emily-Mitchell_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Eric-Sturgeon_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Geoffrey-Clarion_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Grant-Depue_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Greg-Benzel_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Holly-Repanich_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Jaimie-Tippets_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_James-Grace_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Jason-Adams_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Jeff-James_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Jennifer-Kaiser_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Jerica-Siska_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_John-Kirk_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_John-Thompson_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Kristin-Hamm_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Kristy-Ramos_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Laura-Douglas_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Maria-DeMeyer_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Mark-Hardy_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Mary-Jimenez_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Matt-Bumgardner_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Matt-Eckman_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Michael-Cahill_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Michael-Knight_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Michael-Trejo_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Michael-Wagner_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Michelle-DeMaria_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Michelle-Fitzpatrick_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Nicholas-Holsopple_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Paul-Morrison_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Paul-Werner_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Pilar-Padilla_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Rachelle-Sloan_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Robyn-Paterson_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Ryan-Spears_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Sarah-Blankenship_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Sarah-Gillette_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Scott-Bergemann_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Shawn-Spiess_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Stephanie-Arino_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Steve-Taylor_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Tara-McCullough_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Teri-Ellenburg_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Tim-Hurrianko_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Tim-Kenney_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Tom-Douglass_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Faculty-and-Staff_Valerie-Kramer_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Language-Arts_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Mathematics_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Science_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Social-Science_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Special-Education_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_Visual-and-Performing-Arts_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Academics_World-Languages_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_ASB-Application-Information_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_Clubs_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_Communication_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_Dances_Dates--Cost--Descriptions_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_Dances_Dress-Codes_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_Dances_Freak-Dance-Policy_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_Dances_GUEST-PASSES_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_Dances_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_Forms_Faculty_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_Forms_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_Forms_Student-Forms_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Activities_Rallies_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_Advertising--Sponsorships_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_Alumni_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_Athlete-Registration_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_Coaches-ContactsTeam-Websites_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_Equity--Title-IX-Participation_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_Helpful-Links_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_Important-Athletic-Dates_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_Inside-Athletics_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_Physicals_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_Rainy-Day-Spring-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_Summer-Camp-Information_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Athletics_Weight-Room-Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Calendar.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_About_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Academic-Resources_Graduation-Requirements_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Academic-Resources_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Academic-Resources_No-Mark-NM-Info-_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Academic-Resources_Parent-Resources_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Advanced-Placement-Information_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Class-of-2025_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Class-of-2026_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Class-of-2027_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Class-of-2028_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Community-Service-Opportunities_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Peer-Counseling_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Registrar-transcripts_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Valedictorian-Selection_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Counseling_Wellness_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_FlexiSCHED_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_index.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Info_Administration_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Info_Attendance_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Info_Bell-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Info_Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Info_Graduation_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Info_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Info_Map_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Info_Site-Council_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Info_Teacher-Center_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Info_Thunder-Forecast_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Info_Uniform-Complaint-Procedure_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Media_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_RegistrarTranscripts_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Schoology_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_scripts_fw-calendar_calendar.php.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Staff-Directory.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_Staff-Directory_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Algebra-2.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Algebra-2_Calendar-and-Grades_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Algebra-2_Class-Information_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Algebra-2_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Algebra-2_Resources_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Algebra-2_Textbook_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Ceramics.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Ceramics_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Ceramics_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Geography.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Geography_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Geography_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Advanced-Geography_Test_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Algebra-2.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Algebra-2_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Anatomy.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Anatomy_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Calculus.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Calculus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Calculus_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Chemistry.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Chemistry_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Economics.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Economics_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Economics_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Environmental-Science.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Environmental-Science_1st-Semester-Topics_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Environmental-Science_2nd-Semester-Topics_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Environmental-Science_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Government.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Government_Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Government_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Literature.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Literature_Icarus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Literature_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Literature_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Statistics.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Statistics_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Statistics_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Studio-Art.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Studio-Art_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-Studio-Art_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-US-History.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-US-History_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-US-History_Summer-Work_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-US-History_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-World-History.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_AP-World-History_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Art-1.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Art-1_Advanced-Art-AP-Studio-Art_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Art-1_Art-1-_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Art-1_Art-2_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Art-1_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Baseball.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Baseball_2024-Fall-Ball_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Baseball_2024-Frosh-Soph-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Baseball_2024-JV-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Baseball_2024-Varsity-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Baseball_Alumni-to-Play-College-or-Professional_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Baseball_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Baseball_Frosh-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Baseball_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Baseball_JV-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Baseball_Loyal-Sponsors_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Baseball_Varsity-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Biology.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Biology_First-semester_DNA-to-Organism_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Biology_First-semester_Heredity_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Biology_First-semester_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Biology_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Biology_Kimmel-Biology-Agendas_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Biology_Second-semester_Ecology_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Biology_Second-semester_Evolution_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Biology_Second-semester_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Biology_Second-semester_Student-Project_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Basketball.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Basketball_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Basketball_History-of-Rocklin-Basketball_2023-2024-Results_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Basketball_History-of-Rocklin-Basketball_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Basketball_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Basketball_Little-Thunder-Basketball_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Basketball_Rocktown-Ballers-Payment-Center_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Basketball_Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Basketball_Thunder-Golf-Tournament_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Basketball_Thunder-Golf-Tournament_Sponsorship-Opportunities_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Basketball_TryoutPractice-Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_-Varsity-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_2024-JV-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_2024-Varsity-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_Golf-Links_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_JV-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_PlayerParent-Forms_CIFRHS-Codes-of-Conduct_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_PlayerParent-Forms_Dress-Code_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_PlayerParent-Forms_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_PlayerParent-Forms_Parent-Info-Night_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_PlayerParent-Forms_Social-Media-Policy_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_PlayerParent-Forms_Spectator-Guidelines_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_Records_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Golf_Thunder-Invitational_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Soccer.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Soccer_2023-24-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Soccer_3v3-U9-U11-Tournament_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Soccer_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Soccer_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Soccer_Training-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Volleyball_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Volleyball_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Volleyball_RHS-Boys-Volleyball-Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Volleyball_Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Water-Polo_2024-Game-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Water-Polo_Apparel_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Water-Polo_Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Water-Polo_Coaches-Info_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Water-Polo_Fundraising_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Water-Polo_HonorsAwards_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Water-Polo_Hudl_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Water-Polo_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Boys-Water-Polo_Remind-101_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_Career-Exploration_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Admissions-Professionals_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_Applying-to-Colleges_Appealing-to-Colleges_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_Applying-to-Colleges_Application-Deadlines_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_Applying-to-Colleges_College-Admission-Waitlists--Appeals_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_Applying-to-Colleges_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_Applying-to-Colleges_Letters-of-Recommendation_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_College-Planning-Workshops_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_Finding-the-Right-College_College-Fairs_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_Finding-the-Right-College_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_Scholarships--Financial-Aid_Assist-a-Grad_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_Scholarships--Financial-Aid_FAFSACADAA_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_Scholarships--Financial-Aid_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_Scholarships--Financial-Aid_Scholarship-Websites_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_College-Planning_Sierra-College_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_Junior-Rocklin-Summer-Civic-Program_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_Military-and-ASVAB-Information_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_SATACT_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_SATACT_SATACT-Preparation_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_SATACT_Test-Comparison_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_SATACT_Test-Dates--Score-Sends_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_Schedule-Meetings_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Career-Center_Work-Permits_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Ceramics.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Ceramics_Advanced-Ceramics-and-Sculpture_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Ceramics_Ceramics-and-Sculpture-1_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Ceramics_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cheer.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cheer_24-25-New-Squad-Info_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cheer_Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cheer_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cheer_Fundraising_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cheer_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cheer_Parent-InfoResources_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cheer_RJT-Instructor-Info_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Chemistry.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Chemistry_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Choir.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Choir_Choir-Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Choir_Email-Questions-for-Choir-or-Piano-Here_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Choir_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Choir_RHS-Choir-Audio-and-Video_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Choir_RHS-Choir-Auditions_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Choir_RHS-Choir-Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Choir_RHS-Piano-Lab_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Choir_RHS-Student-Conductor_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Choir_Trip--Fundraising_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cross-Country_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cross-Country_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cross-Country_JV-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cross-Country_Links_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cross-Country_Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Cross-Country_Varsity-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Dance-1.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Dance-1_assignments_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Dance-1_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Drama-Club.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Drama-Club_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_ELD.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_ELD_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_ELD_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Flag-Football-Girls.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Flag-Football-Girls_2024-Youth-Flag-Football-Camp_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Flag-Football-Girls_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Flag-Football-Girls_Girls-of-The-Gridiron-Tournament_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Flag-Football-Girls_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Flag-Football-Girls_Practice-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Flag-Football-Girls_Remind-Communication_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Flag-Football-Girls_Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Flag-Football-Girls_Section-Information_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_2024-Game-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_2024-VIP-Experience_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_Annual-Cornhole-Tourney_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_BSN-TEAM-STORE_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_Freshman-2024-Info_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_History_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_History_Past-Season-Results_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_History_Records_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_MaxPreps_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_Next-Level-7-on-7_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_Recruiting-Presentation_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Football_Sponsorship-_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_French-1.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_French-1_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_French-1_RHS-French_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Geography.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Geography_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Geography_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Geometry.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Geometry_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Geometry_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Basketball_2023-2024-Game-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Basketball_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Basketball_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Basketball_Little-Thunder-K-6_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Golf.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Golf_2023-JV-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Golf_2023-Varsity-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Golf_Coaches_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Golf_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Golf_JV-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Golf_School-Records_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Golf_Social-Media-Gudielines_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Golf_Spectator-Guidelines_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Golf_Varsity-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Lacrosse.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Lacrosse_2023-Team-Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Lacrosse_2024-Game-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Lacrosse_Coaches-Information_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Lacrosse_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Soccer.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Soccer_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Soccer_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Soccer_Informative-Articles_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Soccer_Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Soccer_Social-Media-Policy_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Soccer_Training-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Soccer_Winter-Sports-Parent-Night_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Volleyball.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Volleyball_Coaches-Profile_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Volleyball_Final-Results-and-All-League_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Volleyball_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Volleyball_Player-Websites_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Volleyball_RHS-Girls-Volleyball-Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Volleyball_Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Volleyball_Summer-Camp_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Water-Polo.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Water-Polo_2023-Water-Polo-Practice-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Water-Polo_2024-Match-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Water-Polo_Coaches-Info_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Water-Polo_Communication_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Water-Polo_Communication_Team-DinnersEvents_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Water-Polo_Communication_Tournaments-Maps-and-Links_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Water-Polo_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Water-Polo_ParentsVolunteer_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Water-Polo_Program-Philosophy_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Girls-Water-Polo_Team-Suit--Gear_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Government.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Government_Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Government_Constitution_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Government_Executive-Branch---President_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Government_Fundamentals-of-Government_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Government_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Government_Judicial-Branch---Supreme-Court_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Government_Legislative-Branch---Congress_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Government_Political-PartiesIdeology_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Health.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Health_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Health_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_ILS.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_ILS_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_ILS_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Integrated-1.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Integrated-1_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Journalism.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Journalism_Flash-home-page_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Journalism_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Journalism_Journalism-1_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-1-Advanced.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-1-Advanced_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-1-Advanced_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-1.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-1_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-1_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-2-Advanced.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-2-Advanced_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-2-Advanced_Mr.-Hurriankos-Announcements_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-2-Advanced_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-2.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-2_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-2_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-3.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-3_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-3_Welcome-to-Language-Arts-3-Honors_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-3_Welcome-to-Language-Arts-3_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-4.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-4_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_LA-4_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Lacrosse_2024-Boys-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Lacrosse_2024-Season-Information_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Lacrosse_2024-Sponsors_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Lacrosse_Boys-JV-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Lacrosse_Boys-Varsity-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Lacrosse_Coaches-Information_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Lacrosse_Fall-Ball-2023_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Lacrosse_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Marine-Biology.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Marine-Biology_First-semester-outline_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Marine-Biology_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Marine-Biology_Second-semester-outline_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Marine-Biology_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Math-Analysis.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Math-Analysis_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Math-Analysis_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Multi-Cultural.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Multi-Cultural_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Multi-Cultural_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_FAQs_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_Flex-Period-PE-Make-Ups_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_Medical-Questions_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_PE-Electives_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_PE1_DanceTumbling_Ballet-Skills_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_PE1_DanceTumbling_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_PE1_Fitness-Lab_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_PE1_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_PE1_Swimming_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_PE1_Volleyball_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_RHS-Fitness-for-Life_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_PE_RHS-PE-Gradiing-Information_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Physics.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Physics_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Pre_CalculusTrigonometry-Honors.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Pre_CalculusTrigonometry-Honors_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Pre_CalculusTrigonometry-Honors_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Psychology.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Psychology_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Psychology_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_RSP.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_RSP_Events_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_RSP_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_RSP_Syllabus_9th10th-Grade-RSP_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_RSP_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_RSP_Syllabus_Syllabus--9th11th12th-grades--RochfordFitzpatrick--13-14_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_RSP_Syllabus_Tanners-Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Sand-Volleyball-Girls.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Sand-Volleyball-Girls_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Sand-Volleyball-Girls_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Sand-Volleyball-Girls_Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Sand-Volleyball-Girls_Tryout-and-Practice-Info_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Sand-Volleyball-Girls_Varsity-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDAIE.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDAIE_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDAIE_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Basic-Algebra_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Basic-Algebra_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Basic-Pre-Algebra_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Basic-Pre-Algebra_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Basic-Science_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Basic-Science_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Basic-Social-Studies_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Basic-Social-Studies_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Language-Arts_Basic-English-Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Language-Arts_Basic-Literature-Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Language-Arts_Basic-Writing-Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Language-Arts_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SDC_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SMD.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SMD_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_SMD_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_softball.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Softball_2024-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Softball_Alumni_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Softball_Calendar_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Softball_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Softball_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Softball_JV-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Softball_Varsity-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Speech-Debate.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Speech-Debate_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Speech-Debate_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Statistics.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Statistics_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Statistics_Parent-Information-for-Back-to-School-Night_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Statistics_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Swimming_------------------------------General-Information_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Swimming_------------------------------General-Information_Practice-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Swimming_Fundraising_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Swimming_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Swimming_Meet-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Swimming_Results--Times_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Swimming_Volunteer-Sign-Up_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Boys.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Boys_2024-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Boys_2024-Summer-Program_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Boys_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Boys_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Boys_JV-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Boys_NorCal-Team-Tournament_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Boys_Past-Results_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Boys_Tennis-Links_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Boys_Varsity-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls_2024-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls_2024-Summer-Camp_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls_2024-Summer-Program_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls_JV-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls_NorCal-Team-Tournament_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls_Results_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls_Team-Activity-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls_Tennis-Links_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls_Varsity-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Tennis---Girls_Videos_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Theater.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Theater_Drama-Club_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Theater_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Theater_Technical-Theatre_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Theater_Theatre-1_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Theater_Theatre-23_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Theater_Theatre-4_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Theater_ThunderCat_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-field.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_2024-Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_Athlete-Expectations_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_Distance-Crew_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_JVVarsity-Rosters_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_JVVarsity-Rosters_JV-Boys-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_JVVarsity-Rosters_JV-Girls-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_JVVarsity-Rosters_Varsity-Boys-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_JVVarsity-Rosters_Varsity-Girls-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_Nike-and-Running-Warehouse-_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_Results_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_SummerOff-Season_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_Thunder-Invitational_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Track-and-Field_Volunteer-Links_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_U.S.-History.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_U.S.-History_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_U.S.-History_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_U.S.-History_Syllabus_Interactive-Notebook_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_World-History.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_World-History_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_World-History_Interactive-Notebook_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_World-History_Syllabus_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_World-History_Turnitin.com_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Wrestling.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Wrestling_Boys-JV-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Wrestling_Boys-Varsity-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Wrestling_Coaching-Staff_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Wrestling_Girls-Roster_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Wrestling_Google-Calendar---All-Events_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Wrestling_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Wrestling_Off-Season-Conditioning_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Wrestling_Schedule_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Wrestling_Wrestling-Links_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Yearbook.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Yearbook_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Yearbook_Program-history_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Yearbook_Publication-Policies_index.html.txt
rhs.rocklinusd.org_subsites_Yearbook_Senior-Ad-Information_index.html.txt
